---
title: "The April Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

April was a fresh slate in the sense that a new quarter of school was beginning. It is absurd to think that I was already entering my last quarter of the first year of my Ph.D.... However while time has flown past, maybe this will mean that I will get my degree in no time. This month was a rather eventful but also very busy one (per usual). A lot of good and bad chaos but ultimatley progressing and projecting in the right direction. Some highlights that probably won't make it into my three highlights are that I was able to go to a Clippers playoff game and see some of the stars in LA with my friend Tim. 


{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/april2024/clip.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Clippers 2024" %}


# Top Three Highlights of the Month

### 1. Joshua Tree


### 2. Yoasobi

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/april2024/yo.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Yoasobi 2024" %}

In April, one of the most exciting events was being able to attend Yoasobi's first ever solo concert in the USA. I was fortunate to get to see them last summer at Head in the Clouds festival which was their first performance ever in the USA. In general, Yoasobi and all concerts never disappoint. Although I would buy tickets that were probably not the best financial decisions, I always come out of them being left in awe. This concert was no different and instead of a 40 minute performance at Head in the clouds, we were given 1 hr 30 minute event. Other things that were pretty cool was that they had a 3D interactive component in the concert where they distributed 3d glasses to all the attendees and had 3-4 songs where the visuals were in 3d. It was such a simple idea but it was the first I've ever seen from pop artists. Other things I noticed from the event were that Japanese artists in general do not have openers. Therefore I waited from 6pm to 9pm in silence just so I could get a good spot. However I was not dissapointed at all because it was again such a great concert.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lj1Ipg-jMs8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


### 3. MLHC

In March, my research project was brutally disected from a set of computer science researchers and it felt bad to get my first project rejected by the ICML community. However I only got a few days to sulk and it was back to work for me. Therefore I was able to re-turn in our work for a confernce this summer in Toronto. In general, I've come to realize that harsh rejections are a good and humbling thing. I think sometimes when we have continued success, we need to be brought back to earth and this was the case for me. While I am saddened to not be able to get accepted into the international confernece of machine learning this time around, there is always next year and the next 3 after that lol. I hope this next one goes well with our improvements and hopefully I'll be in Toronto this summer! 

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/april2024/mlhc.png" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="MLHC 2024 🙏" %}

# One thing I learned this Month

## Time goes by fast when you're having fun but also when you're not

I think one of the most amazing things I have witnessed recently is that time is a constant force. As the summer slowly approaches, for once in my time as a graduate student I wish it would stop. Being a graduate student has come with so much more responsibility and I feel like I've overextended myself to do way too many things. My current experience with how I feel compares to the friends I made in the East coast last year where they quite literally had no free time. I didn't quite understand why they did that back then but in just a year I had converted to their ways. However it is truly fascinating how time just keeps moving even if you aren't having the best of times. The fact that my first year is coming to an end soon is jaw-dropping and I am in awe that its going by so fast. However it is only problematic for me because as time progresses that means there are new deadlines and events approaching. For one we have our first year written qualification exam scheduled in August, and it scares me that in just about 4 months now that we will be asked to take those. At the current state I do not feel adequately prepared whatsoever and am scared of failing. Therefore sometimes I wish time would just slow down. While life has been extremely busy and not totally fun, I think there is a side to my life where it is really fun and exciting socially. The contrast has been the tale of two sides and I have come to accept that this is my current reality for the next few years.

# Quote of the Monthly 


### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com

simonlee711@g.ucla.edu