---
title: "The February Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

# Top Three Highlights of the Month

February flew by for me in a flash. It was a busy period in my life, due to the added pressure I place on myself. Being busy has always been more pleasant for me than letting the minutes tick by in a day, and as a result, it went by really quickly. February featured the hardest part of the quarter, where we were slowly getting into an even more intense crunch time since the quarter was nearly over. However, because I kept busy, I have also been super productive, which has always been a rewarding experience. Therefore, this month marked an acceptance of the role I picked up and marks a year since I was admitted into a Ph.D. program. There are many myths and truths about what life as a Ph.D. student is like, and I'd love to share my thoughts regarding these matters. However, we can begin with two tweets that highlight the duality of academia and the dark truth behind them:


<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">And you will be underpaid the entire time, while watching your friends succeed outside academia. 
You will routinely work ungodly hours resulting in a decline in relationships.
You will also struggle to land jobs and grants, putting you in an immense amount of stress.
Good luck. <a href="https://twitter.com/yourneedler/status/1763225097513382107">https://twitter.com/yourneedler/status/1763225097513382107</a> <a href="https://t.co/gcNLJoJ0Gn">pic.twitter.com/gcNLJoJ0Gn</a></p>&mdash; Michael Rose (@mmistakes) <a href="https://twitter.com/yourneedler/status/1763225097513382107">February 4, 2023</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

Both these quotes define the duality of a Ph.D. and even with less than a years experience I can relate to both. The passion for developing and contributing to the field of science comes at the expense of inhumane hours due to pressure deadlines and high expectations from going to a prestigious university. However, it brings me peace that 2% of the world is empathetic to this feeling because these people are truly the people changing the world. Therefore busy is not necessarily bad but finding a balance is what will ultimatley bring the success and happiness for myself.

### 1. What's Motivating Me

Motivation is an important aspect of every human being's life. It is what allows us to continue moving forward, rather than just going through the motions of life. Every day when I wake up, I remind myself that 'it's another day in paradise,' because, despite the academic hardships I face, many people would love to be in my position. Therefore, expectations and presentation have been important factors in keeping me going on this journey through life. This whole conversation about personal motives and what brought us to pursue this strenuous degree came up at a dinner I had with Timothy Lindsey and Zach Schlamowitz, two of my fellow friends who are also in a Ph.D. program. We discussed how things were going thus far, and I was prompted to ask them what kept them going. Both gave answers that were much more impressive than mine, in the sense that they were representing something larger than just themselves. Tim mentioned that he is representing Biola University, being one of the few from that school to ever apply to a Ph.D. program, and having the school's president write him a letter of recommendation, showcasing the slim chances he felt he had coming in. Zach spoke about how many people look up to him and perceive him as successful due to his academic achievements, so he feels a responsibility to elevate his performance. This conversation prompted me to rethink my current motives, and I therefore wanted to share in this blog what those were.

#### Old Motives:

Truthfully, my previous motivation to become a great person stemmed from the doubt I faced from unnamed individuals throughout my life. When someone doubts my abilities or looks down on me for not being able to do something, it ignites a fire within me that drives me to excel just to spite that person. This determination has propelled me to work hard throughout my life. There are times when proving others wrong isn't necessary, but this near-hatred-like energy acts as fuel for me. I realized that this was one of my motivating factors after watching a documentary about Michael Jordan, who harbored similar sentiments and felt compelled to prove his doubters wrong. He is now recognized as the greatest basketball player of all time. I believe many successful individuals operate in this manner, where the doubt of others serves as fuel to push the boundaries of their personal success. Thus, these moments have played a critical role in shaping some of my previous motivations, making me stronger and more diligent than ever before.


#### New Motives:

I think that when I delve deeper within myself, there's much more than just a desire to counteract hate and prove my doubters wrong that drives me to pursue a Ph.D. Previously, I was drawn to the field of medical science because of my eagerness to help others. Throughout my life, I've been able to lend a helping hand to both friends and strangers, understanding that life can be a challenging journey and is never entirely fair. In my younger years, I found myself relying on kind individuals who guided me towards a happier life. Therefore I think wanting to help others has long been something that I wanted to do.

Another motivating factor for me is to test the limits of my work ethic. While I've faced few problems growing up, I've also sought numerous opportunities to forge my own path and explore my own understanding of the world we live in. Despite the world's beauty, it also harbors many negatives, including the inherent imbalance of opportunities. Over the past year, one of my biggest pet peeves has become individuals who lack life perspective—those who are naive to the world's unfairness, failing to recognize that many are blind to this reality.

I am fortunate to be in a position where I can pursue a degree held by less than 2% of the world's population. Furthermore, I will likely be among the few, possibly one in a thousand, who specialize in the niche field of AI in healthcare. Considering the vastness of the world and the small size of this community, I feel almost obligated to exert myself fully as a Ph.D. student. The opportunity I've been given is unparalleled, and I know that the other 450 applicants from my year would have eagerly embraced the chance to attend one of the top universities globally. Therefore, this journey will be challenging because I want it to be so. I am now representing not only my work but also my professors' names and the reputation of this school. Everything I publish in scientific articles will reflect on this institution, compelling me to give 110% effort whenever possible. This commitment has required me to sacrifice many aspects of my life, but I feel that I cannot squander this blessed opportunity.

Lastly, even though this degree is incredibly challenging, the opportunities that will follow are what I consider the golden days of my life. No one deserves to earn this degree without putting in the necessary work beforehand. For these reasons, I work tirelessly, looking forward to the day I can collaborate with some of the smartest individuals in the world. Once you've earned a Ph.D., finding a job becomes significantly less competitive, offering the fortunate chance to truly make an impact in your industry with the comprehensive knowledge you possess about your field. Whether it’s at Microsoft, Apple, OpenAI, or any other leading company, I understand the importance of hard work to secure a position among these brilliant minds who are shaping the future of technology as we know it.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/11.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Happy Hour with Ph.D. Cohort" %}

### 2. Valentines Day

February brought more than just personal motivation; it was a month of celebration for me. For the first time in my life, I celebrated Valentine's Day. Since arriving at UCLA, I met Collette, my current girlfriend, and I've been more than happy with how things have progressed. She is a wonderful person who has accepted my circumstances as a Ph.D. student, being very accommodating and mindful of my time and efforts. She works in the design industry, constantly introducing me to things I'm unfamiliar with, which I find fascinating. Her career also allows us to cherish our individual time as we both strive to advance professionally.

To celebrate our first Valentine's Day together, I took her to Cafe Amici in Beverly Hills. We enjoyed pasta, risotto, and grilled octopus, all of which were delicious, and sipped on Aperol Spritz throughout the evening. It felt somewhat upscale by our standards, but overall, it was a beautiful night for us both. Everything is going well for now, and I hope to continue growing with her as our lives unfold.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/12.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Valentines Day" %}

### 3. USC VS UCLA

This month, I also had the chance to experience one of the school's treasured traditions and rivalries that resonate throughout the city of Los Angeles. I witnessed a USC vs. UCLA basketball game, which showcased the true glamour of the sports world. UCLA's basketball team wasn't particularly strong this year, while USC boasted some big names, including LeBron James' son, Bronny James. Unfortunately, I had to miss this school year's USC vs. UCLA football game, so I was thrilled and grateful to attend this sold-out basketball game. Basketball has long been one of my favorite sports, and it's one of the incredible aspects of attending this school. UCLA truly offers a multitude of activities, and it's my responsibility to take advantage of all the unique opportunities they provide. So, while this blog post has focused a lot on hard work, I'm also reminded that I should enjoy my surroundings and participate in as many events as I can.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/13.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="USC vs UCLA" %}

# One thing I learned this Month

One of the things I learned or was re-reminded of was to continue to talk to people who are different from you to gain new perspectives on life. UCLA has always been a melting pot of interesting individuals, and it is crucial to network with those who differ from you. Engaging with a diverse range of viewpoints not only broadens your understanding but also enriches your personal and professional growth. It challenges your preconceptions and encourages a more inclusive and empathetic approach to problem-solving and innovation. In a world that's increasingly interconnected, the ability to appreciate and leverage diversity is an invaluable asset.

# Quote of the Monthly 

It's better to repeat an injury than to give one - Cierco

### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com

simonlee711@g.ucla.edu