---
title: "The March Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

March was an especially busy time in my life as I was navigating through a particularly challenging academic semester. Life has slowed down quite a bit since the exciting start of my Ph.D., and I think this slower pace will be the new normal moving forward. However, March was the perfect time to reset my mind, coinciding with the end of the winter term here at UCLA. This meant that Spring break was right around the corner, and this year, I was planning an extravagant trip to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to visit both Dubai and Abu Dhabi. I have never been to such places in my life and have long wanted to visit them. Therefore, I was generally excited to be traveling once more and exploring what the world has to offer.

# Top ~~Three~~ Highlights of the Month

### 1. Dubai & Abu Dhabi

#### Day 1

This month, I was fortunate enough to travel to the UAE, where I visited Dubai and Abu Dhabi. This was my first time in the actual Middle East, and it was exciting to put on my adventure boots once again. Typically, when I visit a new country, I don't really make plans, but because the UAE was a more unfamiliar place, I ended up booking a full itinerary before my departure. Planning this about a month in advance, I scored a pretty sweet deal for around $800 USD for four nights in Dubai, including hotel and a full itinerary for most of those days. Lodging and tickets to attractions were all included, and I only really needed to pay for food while I was there.

So, to start the trip, I endured the terribly long flight, which lasted for 17 hours total. It got off to a terrible start because I had a layover in Toronto, but that initial flight from LA to Toronto was delayed to the point where I would have less than an hour before my connecting flight to Dubai. Since it was an international flight, I had to go through customs and security once again, which was pretty frustrating. However, all ended up being well as I buckled my seatbelt for the long 13-hour flight. I ended up sleeping horizontally for most of the flight because there was hardly anyone on the plane, but it turned out to be a grave mistake because when I landed, it was late evening, meaning it was soon to be night time.

Upon arrival, I decided to grab some food and visit the infamous Burj Khalifa, which was quite literally the only attraction I knew of in that country. I took an Uber to this area, and my driver greeted me and offered to drive me around that night. It was a relatively nice gesture, and they were able to take me to their favorite restaurant. After eating, I noticed that there were quite a few Indian people in Dubai. Little did I know, there are more Indians living in Dubai than actual Arab people. I spent the rest of the night at the Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa, where I saw the mesmerizing building. The architecture was truly incredible, and I was excited for what was ahead. However, I must say that the weather was quite awful, as it was very humid, much like my time in Miami, Florida.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/14.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Burj Khalifa" %}

#### Day 2

Day 2 began with the actual tour of the city of Dubai, where I aimed to visit every "tourist" attraction possible. The schedule was jam-packed and very tiring, especially because I couldn't sleep, having slept throughout the plane ride prior to arriving. However, it was all good, and I was in good spirits for the coming day. Dubai is known for its wealth, and this country did not hold back when it came to showcasing it. We visited the King of Dubai's "house", the prince's house, which was very comparable to the Palace of Versailles in Paris. We then went to the man-made islands (Palm Jumeirah), synthetic islands where a lot of expensive real estate is located. My tour guide showed me around and mentioned that the richest man in India had just bought his son a property on this island which sold for 500 million Durham ($136,147,050 USD)! These houses weren't even that nice, in my opinion, but I guess who could say they live on an island...

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/15.PNG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Palm Jumeirah" %}

After the island, the tour guide took me around to see some famous buildings and hotels in Dubai, including Atlantis and others. Rumor on the street was that Jackie Chan stayed in the Atlantis Presidential Suite nearly 10 years ago, where the room cost over 500k per night. Talk about a country with incredible wealth! After we drove around the city, we stopped by an attraction called the Dubai Frame, which is quite literally a giant 40-story building that looks like a photo frame. At the top of this frame, there is a nice view of "New Dubai". I thought it was cool to have but again it felt relatively unnecessary, in my opinion. In fact, a lot of things in this city felt this way, but their excuse for having all these nice things is the fact that they have money. Their solution to happiness is to build everything imaginable in this city to mimic a utopia. Unfortunately for me, I felt like this place was more of a dystopia because they were trying to force the existence of all these things that didn't really belong there (e.g., ski slopes). It really put into perspective how synthetic the city was because, at the end of the day, we were just really inside a metropolis next to a vast desert. You could really tell it was a desert too because the skies were red from the sandstorms.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/17.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Dubai Frame" %}

After the Dubai Frame, we stopped by the Future Museum, where they predict what the future of the world will be like in 100 years (a lot of technology/AI), and then we made our way back to the Dubai Mall, where I had some free time. There, I ate a Turkish meal and then went up the infamous Burj Khalifa. It's actually really funny how many towers I have been up in the last 2 years alone because it feels like every major city has a giant tower towering over their city. Well, nothing quite compares to this one because the Burj Khalifa stands at 163 stories tall, well beyond any other tower in the world. My guide told me that the King of Dubai wanted to make sure that it was the tallest man-made structure in the world, so they just flat out beat any existing competition there was. The next tallest building is in Malaysia where the Merdeka 118 stands just 118 stories tall, nearly 45 stories shorter than the Burj Khalifa. Going up the Burj Khalifa was borderline underwhelming because, again, it put into perspective that we were in a big desert. The city, aside from its tall buildings, really had nothing around it. However, it was nice knowing that I was able to visit the tallest building in the world. Upon going down, my feet were incredibly swollen, so I finished the rest of my time there getting a foot massage. It was by far one of the most incredible experiences of my life.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/16.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Future Museum" %}

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/18.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="View from top of Burj Khalifa" %}

To conclude the day, we went down to "Business Bay," where I would have dinner on a boat. There, I met the only other Asian family from Malaysia, and we shared dinner together. It was incredibly interesting to hear their point of view on what they thought America was like, and truth be told, it seemed like their perception of America was very skewed. The whole time they asked me about the guns, safety, and the presidential election, which made me feel like America gets terrible media coverage from other countries. After returning to the hotel, I was exhausted but had an early start at 3 AM the next morning.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/19.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Dinner on Boat in Business Bay" %}

#### Day 3

Day 3 was off to a really early start but for good reason. Day 3 consisted of riding a Hot air Balloon in the middle of the Arabian desert to go watch the sunrise. Unfortunately for me that meant I was only going to get 3 hours of sleep since I had gotten home pretty late the night before. However I had never rode a hot air balloon or anything remotely close so I was excited for this opportunity. We arrived to their camp when it was pitch black and we were asked to sign waivers basically saying if we crash you cant sue us. Anyway the hot air balloon was quite interesting just in the sense that there was no safety, no emergency protocols, and the procedure for getting a massive balloon in the air was a bit more abstract than you think (we are basically sideways so the wind can pick us up). However when we were actually in the air, the ride itself was absolutely beautiful. It seemed that the pilot had no control on where we were going because hot air balloons are driven based off how the wind was for that day. But being up so high was really peaceful even though our lives were at stake. We went to an altitude above the clouds and it was quite fascinating to see the world from such a high perspective. Upon returning to the ground, I was also able to try "hawking" (I'm not sure thats what its called). But essentially I had a hawk on my arm and I could command it to fly. Once all those shenangians were done, I went straight back to my hotel to get some sleep before our desert camping in the afternoon.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/20.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Staring Off into space" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/21.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="On a hot air balloon" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/22.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Hawking" %}

In the afternoon, we went camping in the Arabian desert where I got to camp under the stars. I was picked up to the hotel and we drove off into the abyss where we would entail in a lot of different activities. To begin, I took part in an ATV adventure where we got to ride ATVs in the middle of the desert crossing another thing off my long list of bucket list items. Though we didn't get to go that far out, it was beautiful to be able to watch the sunset in the middle of the desert where I was reminded again about how beautiful the world can be in one of the most emptiest parts of the world. It was very relaxing to watch the sun disappear into the distance while enjoying the emptiness of the desert. Upon our return to the camp, we were able to dine in at a local buffet where we were able to try all sorts of foods and drinks from Arab, and Indian Culture. (They seemed to appeal to the many indian toursits in this country). 

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/50.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="ATV in the middle of the desert" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/51.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Enjoying the Sunset" %}

We finished that day just watching a performance and the camp and concluded yet another eventful day in Dubai. 

##### Day 4

After teleporting back to the hotel to start Day 4, our exploration of old Dubai commenced, delving into the historical heart of the city that once housed the majority of its residents before the rise of towering skyscrapers transformed the skyline. Now, this area has evolved into a bustling tourist hub, adorned with vibrant markets and bustling souks brimming with local treasures such as spices, jewelry, and traditional wares. As I stepped out of the transport, I was immediately captivated by the scene, feeling as though I had been transported into a scene from an Indiana Jones film or the desert planet of Tatooine from Star Wars. The ambiance exuded a distinct Arabian desert village charm, with bustling trade posts lining the streets, inviting visitors to engage in the ancient art of bartering. Despite my prior experience negotiating prices in Morocco, I found myself outmatched by the assertive tactics of the shop owners here, who eagerly vied for my attention and custom. It became evident that each purchase made a tangible impact on their livelihoods, leading to a sense of empathy and a willingness to contribute to their well-being. While this newfound generosity nearly depleted my funds, knowing that I was supporting local families in some small way provided solace amidst the frenzy of commerce.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/55.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Old Dubai (Souks - Trade Posts)" %}

After immersing myself in the vibrant atmosphere of old Dubai's bustling souks, I embarked on a journey to explore more of the city's iconic attractions. My next stop was the renowned Gold Souk, a dazzling labyrinth of narrow alleys adorned with glittering storefronts showcasing an array of gold jewelry, ornaments, and intricately crafted treasures. As I wandered through the maze-like lanes, I was mesmerized by the sheer opulence and grandeur on display, feeling as though I had stumbled upon a treasure trove fit for royalty. The allure of the shimmering gold creations was irresistible, and I found myself drawn to the gleaming showcases, marveling at the exquisite craftsmanship and intricate designs. From traveling to this place I realized why Dubai was so wealthy in that they had a lot of great resources in the country. They had gold mines scattered all throughout the desert as well as oil which is basically a money generating mine. Coming here more than anything made me feel poor... But hopefully one day I can bring my partner here and buy them whatever they'd like.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/56.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="You needed to take a Boat for 1$ to get to the Souks" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/57.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Gold Souk" %}

From the Gold Souk, I ventured onwards to the Spice Souk, where the air was filled with an intoxicating medley of aromatic scents and fragrances. Rows upon rows of colorful spices, herbs, and exotic ingredients adorned the stalls, creating a sensory feast for the senses. I found myself enveloped in a whirlwind of vibrant colors and enticing aromas, eagerly exploring the diverse array of spices and culinary delights on offer. From fragrant saffron and sumptuous cardamom to fiery chili peppers and aromatic cinnamon, the Spice Souk was a veritable paradise for food enthusiasts and culinary connoisseurs alike. While I was very curious by all the different spices I saw all throughout, bringing these items becomes especially tricky when being a tourist. At the airport they seem pretty against bringing any type of produce or food for that matter for hygeine purposes so I always feel like I am slightly missing out by not exploring this area more.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/58.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Spice Souk)" %}

After indulging my senses in the rich tapestry of flavors and aromas at the Spice Souk, I continued my exploration of Dubai's cultural wonders with a visit to the breathtaking Miracle Gardens. Spread across vast acres of lush greenery, the Miracle Gardens were a true oasis in the heart of the desert, boasting a kaleidoscope of vibrant floral displays and enchanting botanical wonders. This place was known for having the record of growing the most flowers in the world. While it was very cool to see all types of beautiful flowers, it again raised previous thoughts about how money is used here to solve all their problems. A desert like environment is not a place where flowers belong but because they had money they could make it happen. Anyway,as I strolled through the meticulously landscaped gardens, I was captivated by the sheer beauty and creativity of the floral arrangements, which ranged from whimsical sculptures and towering arches to intricate patterns and dazzling displays of color. My favorite sculpture was a penguin bush which was a bush shaped as a penguin. It was a truly fascinating and enchanting experience, immersing myself in a world of synthetic beauty and artistic expression all in the form of flowers.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/59.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Penguin Bush" %}

To culminate my day of exploration and discovery, I made my way to the Global Village, a cultural extravaganza celebrating the diverse cultures and traditions of the world. This place felt like an amusement park where the theme was embracing all the different cultures in the world. They had a little area where they sold goods from each country and I found the concept to be truly fascinating. Among all the places, I was most curious about seeing the USA area where they had an interesting portrayal of America, as well as checking out the korea and japan booth. I will say none of the things were authentic but more than anything they just sold goods that were stereotyped by each country. What made it even more slightly depressing was that the people who worked at these booths would try to emulate the "country" their booth belonged to but it was very clear that there were no Americans, Koreans, or Japanese people there and they would place Southeast asian folks in these booths pretending to be from that culture. So while the ideas were cool, it was again a little disheartening to see this take place. However I tried to maximize my time there and I bought a leather jacket from an "Iran" booth because they were known for leather, and I also bough some little souveniers from the "Africa" booth because I had no intentions of going to Africa anytime soon. This was a great place for souveniers and I rounded out a lot of my shopping for the day at this place. After exploring as many countries booths as possible, we finally came to the end of our day and the conclusion of this part of the tour.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/nov2023/60.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Global Village" %}

##### Day 5


# One thing I learned this Month

### "Be Grateful"

This month, towards the end, I spoke with one of the friends I made over the quarter: Kaylyn Phan. She is an incredibly smart individual, graduating just like me in just three years. She studies computer science and is off to Meta after completing her degree this coming spring semester. We met in a computer science course and sat next to each other nearly the whole quarter and she was one of the few classmates that I got to know since my return to school. She works extremely hard and truth is, I think she is probably more intelligent than me... However, what impresses me more about Kaylyn is her sheer maturity. You really can't teach maturity; sometimes, you just have to live through it. It's funny because she is much younger than me, yet she possesses a wealth of knowledge that she shares, which puts our situations into perspective.

I met with Kaylyn at a coffee shop recently, and we discussed the realities of growing up. It appeared that we were both mind-boggled by certain things, and I would offer my perspective on her worries, and she would do the same for me. Thus, my complaint was primarily about how difficult graduate school has been. It's been challenging socially and academically, where our day-to-day is not as exciting as one might think at this level of education. But from the outside looking in, it is almost impossible to ever figure this out without actually being in it. However, she put into perspective how this opportunity is a great one and that you are quite literally taking the place of someone else who most desperately wants it. Therefore, instead of complaining all the time, it's probably better to just appreciate the situation we are in and be grateful. For how simple this point of view is, I thought it was really helpful. I think many people look at the position I am in and expect great things from me. Thus, it is almost my duty to go through these next few years gracefully. We all face challenges all the time, but sometimes we forget how lucky we are to be in certain situations. It's really funny to hear someone younger than me give me advice, but I truly appreciated her words in helping me move forward.

# Quote of the Monthly 

"People will do anything no matter how absurd in order to avoid facing their own souls" - C.G. Jung


### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com

simonlee711@g.ucla.edu