---
title: "The April Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

April marked a fresh start as I began the last quarter of my first year in the Ph.D. program—an astounding thought, given how swiftly the time has passed. It feels as though I might earn my degree sooner than expected. This month was eventful and bustling as usual, filled with both good and bad chaos, yet still moving in the right direction.

While some experiences might not make it into my top three highlights, one memorable outing was attending a Clippers playoff game with my friend Tim, where we saw some of LA's famous stars. Another new venture I haven't previously mentioned is my food Instagram account, through which I've been exploring the diverse eateries across Los Angeles. A particularly exciting find was a Hakata-style izakaya near UCLA, where I enjoyed Motsunabe—one of my favorite soups. Overall, it was a truly great month.


{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/april2024/clip.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Clippers 2024" %}


# Top Three Highlights of the Month

### 1. Joshua Tree

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/april2024/tree.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Joshua Tree" %}

This month, I took a brief trip with my girlfriend to Joshua Tree National Park. Despite its proximity, I had never previously made the effort to visit. The park's stunning photos and glowing reviews convinced me that it would provide a welcome respite from the chaos of my Ph.D. program. We aimed to be proactive and left at 3 pm, but due to LA traffic, we didn’t arrive until nearly 9 pm.

Nonetheless, it proved to be a wonderful escape and a breath of fresh air compared to the bustling Los Angeles environment. Arriving at Joshua Tree, it felt as if we had entered the Midwest. The journey reminded me that the world is vast and sparsely populated, with people concentrated in small urban areas. Upon arrival, it was unexpectedly windy, but we shrugged off the chilly desert night and enjoyed a dip in the hot tub.

The next day, we explored Joshua Tree National Park. The iconic Joshua trees and the rugged landscape, preserved by park rangers, offered an authentic slice of nature. The area was dotted with massive rocks and mountains, giving the impression of a scene from the movie *Dune*. Although no animals were visible, signs throughout the park warned of tortoises. Climbing the large, otherworldly rocks was a highlight, providing fun and a chance to gaze into the vast distance.

Later in the day, we reached the highest point in the park and hiked to the top. While it couldn’t compare to Mt. Fuji, it was challenging enough to serve as a serious workout, particularly since I hadn’t been exercising much that quarter. Reaching the summit, we were in awe of the expansive view.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/april2024/mt.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Joshua Tree" %}

After a long day of trekking and exploring, we concluded the evening by preparing an authentic Korean meal. We cooked pork belly with garlic and wrapped it in lettuce, a dish known as Bossam. Cooking turned out to be quite enjoyable when there's time to spare. However, my usual issue is the lack of time, making cooking feel like a waste. Despite this, the trip was fantastic overall, and I had a great time exploring with Collette.

### 2. Yoasobi

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/april2024/yo.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Yoasobi 2024" %}

In April, one of the highlights was attending Yoasobi's first-ever solo concert in the USA. I had the good fortune to see them last summer at the Head in the Clouds festival, which marked their debut performance in the USA. Yoasobi, like all concerts, never disappoints. Although buying tickets might not always be the best financial decision, the awe-inspiring experience always justifies the expense. This concert offered a longer, 1-hour and 30-minute performance compared to the 40-minute set at Head in the Clouds.

Another exciting feature of the concert was a 3D interactive component. Attendees were given 3D glasses, and 3-4 songs featured visuals in 3D—a simple yet innovative idea that was a first for me to see from pop artists. One unique aspect of concerts by Japanese artists is that they typically do not have openers. As a result, I waited from 6 PM to 9 PM in silence just to secure a good spot. Nonetheless, the wait was well worth it, as the concert was fantastic.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lj1Ipg-jMs8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


### 3. MLHC

In March, my research project underwent a rigorous critique by a group of computer science researchers, and it was tough to see my first project rejected by the ICML community. However, I had only a few days to dwell on the disappointment before it was back to work. I managed to resubmit our work for a conference this summer in Toronto. I've come to realize that harsh rejections can be both good and humbling. Success can sometimes isolate us from reality, and in my case, this rejection was a grounding experience. While I'm disappointed not to be accepted into the International Conference of Machine Learning this time, there's always next year—and the next three years after that! I'm hopeful that with our improvements, the next submission will be successful, and I'll find myself in Toronto this summer.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/april2024/mlhc.png" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="MLHC 2024 🙏" %}

# One thing I learned this Month

## Time goes by fast when you're having fun but also when you're not

Recently, I've come to realize that time is a relentless force. As summer approaches, for the first time in my graduate studies, I find myself wishing it would pause. Being a graduate student brings significant responsibility, and I feel I've stretched myself too thin, taking on far too many commitments. This feeling resonates with the experiences of friends I made on the East Coast last year, who seemed to have no free time at all. At the time, I couldn't understand their choices, but within a year, I've found myself adopting their ways.

It's truly fascinating how time continues to march forward, even during challenging periods. The fact that my first year is nearing its end is astonishing, and I'm in awe of how quickly it's passing. This rapid passage of time becomes problematic as it heralds new deadlines and events. For instance, our first-year written qualification exam is scheduled for August, and the thought of it looms large. With only about four months to prepare, I feel woefully unprepared and am anxious about the possibility of failing.

Sometimes, I wish time would slow down. Although life has been extremely busy and not always enjoyable, there's a social aspect that is genuinely fun and exciting. This contrast represents two sides of my current reality, a duality I've come to accept as my life for the next few years.

# Quote of the Monthly 

Judge a man by his questions, not his answers

### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com

simonlee711@g.ucla.edu