---
title: "The October Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

October marks the start of a new school year, and with it, an opportunity for a fresh start. Truth be told, I need one. I can't believe it’s already been five months since my relationship ended. But a new year brings new friends and new opportunities, and this year, I’m determined to find as much balance as possible. Last year, my life was far from balanced, leading to difficult realizations and tough realities. This time, I want to be the change I never managed to be before.

Embracing change has meant letting go of things, people, and memories—and it hasn’t been easy. Letting go is hard, but to move forward, I need to give myself the chance to grow. The truth is, it’s not even the new year yet, and I already feel like I’m falling apart again. The divide between my professional and social life feels wider than ever, leaving my emotions in turmoil. Professionally, I think I’m doing well and making good progress. But on a personal level, something feels off—unsettled and unhappy.

I’ve been lucky to start the year with great people and experiences. I’m thankful to be surrounded by kind and patient individuals. Yet, something inside me struggles to address the elephant in the room.

This month’s update is brief because my highlights have been overshadowed by my overthinking. But as I look ahead, I want to be happy, move on, and forgive myself. I need to prioritize my well-being, and that’s what I plan to do moving forward.

# Highlights in Pictures

{% include figure image_path="/images/2024/2.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Beef Rolls" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/2024/3.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Happy Hour" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/2024/1.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Iris" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/2024/4.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Chez Bol" %}


### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com

simonlee711@g.ucla.edu