---
title: "The August Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

August was a busy month. It was the first time I spent a whole summer just studying for exams but it is amazing how effective studying can be. Therfore this month, we are just going to reflect on the the exams I just took.

# Qualification Exam Review

Taking the qualification exams for the UCLA Ph.D. program was an unforgettable experience, with each exam presenting its own unique set of challenges and memories. Among the most memorable was the Biomath 202 exam, which focused on Tasmanian devil facial tumor disease— a type of cancer that can be transmitted by contact. The problems were not only intellectually stimulating but also incredibly difficult, pushing me to my limits. Yet, despite the challenge, I grew to appreciate the rigor and depth of the course. Studying for Biomath 202 made me realize how fascinating the subject was, and by the end, it had become my favorite core class. The complex biological interactions paired with mathematical modeling made every problem feel like unraveling a mystery, and that challenge is something I deeply enjoyed.

In contrast, the Biomath 208 and 204 exams couldn’t have been more different. Biomath 204 was a breeze—one of the easiest exams I had taken, making the whole process feel relatively stress-free. However, Biomath 208 was a completely different story. I found myself grappling with uncertainty throughout the exam. While I’ve always felt comfortable with basic data analysis, the leap into differential geometry, which forms the core of 208, was overwhelming. Concepts like the Cristoffel symbol—something I had never truly wrapped my head around—only added to the difficulty. It was humbling to realize how much more there was to learn in a field that diverged so far from my comfort zone.

Then there was Biomath 205, which, by all accounts, should have been one of the more straightforward exams. It was fair and relatively easy, but I hadn’t prepared at all. Looking back, it’s amusing how little effort I put into preparing, and as a result it was one of the most challenging exams of my life. I think I had hit the point where I had no idea what I was even writing and that I was reinventing calculus like no one had seen before.

Biomath 201, on the other hand, was a bit of a wild card. The exam was, by Tom Chou’s standards, on the easier side. Knowing Tom Chou’s reputation for tough exams, I had braced myself for a far more difficult challenge. However, this exam turned out to be manageable and a relatively pleasant surprise. That said, “easy” by Tom Chou’s standards still meant there were a few tricky parts, but overall, I left the exam room with a sense of relief.

All in all, these exams taught me a lot about my strengths and weaknesses. I realized that while I’m comfortable with certain areas like basic data analysis, there are areas—like differential geometry—that still leave me perplexed. The process was both humbling and rewarding, and while the exams were tough, they’ve helped shape my approach to studying and deepened my appreciation for the breadth of topics covered in the Biomath program.


# Quote of the Monthly 

I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it - Maya Angelou

### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com

simonlee711@g.ucla.edu