---
title: "Why La La Land is such a good movie"
categories:
  - Blogging
tags:
  - Movies
  - Ratings
  - Entertainment
---

This week's blog post is about justifying from my point of view why La La Land is such a good movie. Before I dive deep into my take, I want to mention that Rotten Tomatoes has a rating of 91%. I think nowadays it is hard to name a film with a rating above 90%. Anyhow, this film also took 4 Academy Awards at the Oscars. Those four are the Academy Award for Best Actress, Academy Award for Best Director, Academy Award for Best Original Score, & Academy Award for Best Cinematography. It is safe to say that I endorse all these awards to the highest degree. However, let's dive into the plot and explain why this movie is so fantastic. *Also, spoiler warning if this movie review did not imply that*

---

### Reason 1: A Genuine Story

My biggest pet peeve about movies is their fictional contrast to our daily lives. In the film, the protaganist often undergo some obstacles, but they usually end up with a happy ending. This makes sense as most movie plots follow the typical "hero's journey," which has been a traditional storytelling method. However, La La Land, the film, does the exact opposite. To many viewers, much of the criticism of the film is due to a lack of a happy ending, so the perspective is pretty subjective when determining the "best movie." However, the parallels to our daily lives have allowed this movie to be relatable, which is one of the primary reasons I am so high on this film.

In a few sentences, I will briefly describe the plot. Our protagonists are Sebastian and Mia, two performing artists who start off doing things they do not want to do. However, both protagonists have their independent dreams: a dream of owning a Jazz bar to continue the dying jazz legacy, and the other wants to be a Hollywood star. The two of them cross paths in this musical journey, pushing each other to chase their pipe dreams. Sebastian enters a new-generation jazz group, and Mia hosts her one-woman show. One succeeds in his endeavors, and the other fails at chasing their dream. However, Sebastian pushes Mia to be resilient, and Mia ultimately gets a lead role in the movie. The two do not end up together, but they pursue their lifelong dreams. 

Now that you are aware of the plot again, I want to dive into my film analysis. As previously mentioned, the movie is very parallel to our own lives. We are all dreamers, but we are often afraid to pursue the things we want to do due to the massive risk of failing. It is a very empathetic feeling. I have often felt this sentiment of not reaching expectations, but I was lucky to be resilient and keep going. Also, the fact that the two do not end up together and live a happily ever after ending is so realistic. Being passionate about chasing your dream comes with sacrifice, and unless you are with someone who shares a similar vision, there will most likely be a divergence between the two people. However, it is safe to say that people can affect chasing the "impossible." In my life, I have met plenty of people who have offered great advice and have given me the confidence to pursue what I want to do. My journey to reaching the current version of myself was filled with obstacles and hardships, but thanks to the many influential mentors and friends, I am where I am in my academic journey.

Last, I think the movie captures the concept of a "pipe dream" perfectly. For those unaware of the phrase, a pipe dream is an unattainable or fanciful hope or scheme. This idea ties back with the film's realism, but it leaves you with inspiration if you are a dreamer. A crazy concept, idea, or goal is only really being held back by yourself. And the film shows the progressive stages of chasing a pipe dream. You can fail miserably or attain the dream you once had. For me, this film has shown me never to give up. Because as soon as you give up, there is no chance for success in the path. This sense of genuinity is the first reason La La Land is a great film.

---

### Reason 2: Creativity and Aesthetic

This movie won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for a reason. Not only was the plot great, but the visual demonstration of the plot is another reason the film is so memorable. Los Angeles is an iconic location for Hollywood films, but this movie, in particular, highlights the city of angels in a different light. From the angles to the vibrant colors, this movie is genuinely a masterpiece in cinematography. Movies can often be hard to make because there needs to be a mixture of positive reviews on the plot and the cinematography. For example, a film can have an incredible story, but if the CGI or color grading looks awful, the movie is a flop. The same goes for vice versa. 

Another unique aspect that ties in with the creativity and the aesthetic is how they turn the plot into music. I don't know if you can call this film a musical, but it has every feature a musical entails. Though this may be biased, music is an excellent way of conveying emotions and telling a story, and it's the reason I love the musical aspect of this film. Whether it's the lyrics of City of Stars or the jazz music, it all helps add to its captivating plot. Also, this has nothing to do with the excellent music, but who knew Ryan Gosling's good sing well? To put it into slight words, this film is an artistic masterpiece. It captures small components of what it takes to make a film and transforms it into art. So from my critique, they get plus points for creativity.

---

### Additional Remarks

While this is a short blog post, I was happy to share my POV about my favorite movie. I will reinstate that this movie does a tremendous job of conveying a realistic message to its viewers, and I hope that you come away feeling a similar sentiment to my movie review. In my free time, I have had lots of time to watch documentaries, TV shows, and movies, and I want to continue sharing media that is worth watching. Thanks for tuning in this week, and I hope you check in again next week.
