---
title: "The August Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---
August was the start of something very new. What felt like months in the making, the time had finally come for me to begin my next journey from graduation. The final days in Los Angeles felt both saddenning and exciting as my next journey awaited me. But enough of the suspense, let me just tell you what is going on. I was on my way to moving abroad to Switzerland to begin my graduate studies. It was a nostalgic moment for me because I was returning to the country I remembered loving when I was just 10 years old. Now 10-ish years later, I was returning all grown up to take this next step towards adulthood. 

COVID-19 had played a huge role in my decision to leave the country. After feeling isolated and stuck in the same place for so long, it was finally time to spread my wings and leave California and see what the world had to offer. My senior year was filled with many memorable memories, but I knew so much more was awaiting in Switzerland. Moving to a new place is never easy but starting over is not an opportunity that comes around often. My good friend/ex-girlfriend Alex Pavy had told me that "I could be whoever I wanted to be" and I took those words to heart. It began in the summer, and it was going to continue as I was able to reinvent the person I once was and present myself as the person I truly wanted to be. 

Internally, I was feeling nervous. But moving to another country offers a multitude of benefits that deeply enrich one's life. Immersing oneself in a different culture, language, and way of life not only broadens horizons but also fosters a greater understanding of the world's diversity. This exposure cultivates empathy and tolerance towards different viewpoints, while the challenges of adapting to unfamiliar situations spark personal growth, resilience, and problem-solving skills. Beyond personal development, living abroad enhances language proficiency through daily interactions, promoting effective communication and cross-cultural connections. Additionally, exposure to global art, cuisine, and traditions enriches one's cultural appreciation, inspiring creativity and a broader worldview.

Moreover, the practical advantages of relocating are noteworthy. Certain countries offer better economic prospects, including job opportunities, higher salaries, or a lower cost of living. As for Switzerland, part of the reason I chose to attend graduate school there was because tuition was less than ~$1000 USD per semester. The international experience gained is also highly regarded by employers and colleagues, showcasing adaptability and a diverse skill set. Lastly, moving abroad facilitates the building of an international network through connections with people from various backgrounds. These relationships not only lead to lasting friendships but also offer insights into different industries and lifestyles, further contributing to a more well-rounded and fulfilled life.

I was therefore excited to begin this new life that awaits me, and I look forward to sharing the many stories that will come from the next 2 years abroad.

 {% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2022/0.JPEG" alt="Touched Down in Switzerland" %}

# Top Three Highlights of the Month

### 1. The Most Beautiful Day of my Life (so far!)

Before introducing Europe into the narrative, I believe it's fitting to commence by recounting several highlights from my concluding days in Los Angeles. One of the central themes of this month was bidding adieu. Farewells have never been my strong suit, and relinquishing my connection with Noelle Wheeler, my girlfriend at the time, proved to be particularly challenging. Describing the significance of Noelle throughout the summer is a daunting task. While senior year was punctuated with numerous standout moments, it also held its moments of introspection. Yet, Noelle played a pivotal role in steering me away from that, and for that, I extend my sincere gratitude. The summer was marked by countless shared escapades that solidified her place as not just my dearest friend, but also the quintessential companion. Her unwavering presence, irrespective of the context, was a rarity that I deeply cherished.

Many cherished recollections revolve around her; it was as if we were peas in a pod, an analogy made famous by Forrest Gump. Our proximity in the same lab space throughout the summer kept us nearly inseparable, save for sleep. Yet, if I had to isolate one single moment from the summer, it would undoubtedly be the day her car broke down. Occurring on a workday, close to 2 am, I adamantly refused to leave her side as we awaited AAA's arrival to jump-start her car. Though spending such prolonged hours with someone might typically elicit discomfort, with her, everything felt effortlessly organic. However, all good things inevitably conclude. In this scenario, the endpoint was swiftly encroaching. As incoming graduate students in the field of bioinformatics, our futures were destined to diverge across an ocean. While I was bound for Switzerland, she was en route to Cornell Weill Medical School in the East.

Noelle's brilliance was undeniable. Beyond her already remarkable mindset, she embodied exceptional intelligence coupled with a profound and affectionate disposition. There was little left to desire from an individual. Yet, as the realities of our approaching futures loomed, the inevitable discussion of what lay ahead was inescapable. Guided by our best interests and the desire to forge ahead, I made the arduous choice that we should part ways once summer came to an end. She acquiesced, and the resolution was firmly established. Upon reflection, I am convinced this was in the best interest of both parties. Life presents numerous instances where "what if" scenarios arise, but to propel ourselves forward, I genuinely perceived no alternative.

On our final day at UCLA, after bidding farewell to the remarkable cohort that had shared our summer, Noelle and I found ourselves as the last remaining individuals, taking one last leisurely stroll around the picturesque campus. Amidst a palpable tension, following our goodbyes to everyone else, the awareness of our imminent farewell cast its shadow. Suddenly, she posed an unexpected question, her voice quivering with emotion, inquiring if my feelings for her had ever been genuine. This inquiry shattered me; its unexpectedness struck a deep chord, considering the immense emotional investment I had made. Tears welled in my eyes as we confronted the reality that the following day marked the commencement of a lengthy separation. The moment fostered a brief dispute, perhaps a means of coping with the impending separation. Releasing someone of her caliber was undoubtedly painful, yet it underscored the extraordinary nature of our bond. Despite the anguish that enveloped us that day, it crystallized how a single individual possesses the potential to transform us for the better. Up to that point, I had never encountered someone so perfectly compatible, and she unveiled the boundless capacity for happiness within me. Every emotion was heightened; it served as a testament to my reluctance to let go. It symbolized the conclusion of an era, albeit accompanied by the understanding that my departure from this place was marked by an amicable parting. Recognizing the equilibrium I had established in her heart rendered that night the most beautiful day of my life. Though tears flowed for hours, they underscored the profound bond connecting the two of us.

Writing this is particularly hard knowing that things were bound to change. But in that moment I was confident that I loved Noelle Wheeler with my whole heart and I had never met a person that I had cared for more than her. To those who may read this in the future, please understand that these sentiments were genuinely felt at that time, although I implore you not to hold me indefinitely to them. The journey ahead undoubtedly poses challenges, but I find solace in the fact that I left this relationship on positive terms, rather than following the conventional path of a breakup rooted in a particular issue. Farewell to my Noel-E; that concludes that chapter <\3..

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2022/1.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Noelle & Simon :)" %}

### 2. Saying Farewell

An equally formidable challenge entailed bidding farewell to the wonderful friends I had connected with at UCLA. It was undeniably difficult, knowing that the likelihood of all of us reuniting in a single place was slim. Personally, I remained uncertain about when our paths might cross again. I'll keep this section succinct as it parallels the previous one, but the act of saying goodbye truly stings. These individuals helped me recognize the immense value of having exceptional friends in one's life, and I'll forever treasure the cherished memories forged with them.

A special acknowledgment is due to some particularly influential individuals who left a significant mark on my life:

- Saiyang Liu, you've been the ultimate roommate, and I am incredibly grateful. Our contrasting personalities balanced each other, and I'll miss being your roommate the most. I'm glad I could help you step out of your comfort zone, while you anchored the steady principles that were crucial for me.

- Osagie A. (Apologies for the last name's spelling uncertainty), thank you for being my closest friend that summer. The memories, laughter, and your distinctive character are unforgettable. You brought out the best in me, and after meeting you, awkwardness ceased to exist. Thank you for spending the second most time with me that summer.

- Philippa Steinburg, our friendship is deeply cherished. Despite our differences, we found common ground in skating on the campus's brick roads. Beyond that, your lifestyle, personality, and daily life offered a fresh perspective I'm grateful for.

- Victoria Isabel, thank you for bringing sass to our group. Our group's diverse personalities made for a fantastic time, and your ability to embrace new experiences was truly appreciated. You were always up for Osagie's and my gossip sessions, sporting your pink shirt, funky shorts, and white jacket.

- Tiffanie Crumbie, your laid-back nature added yet another layer to our group's dynamic. Your interactions with Osagie provided much entertainment, and being around you was always enjoyable.

- Ali Mobedi, thank you for being unapologetically yourself. Your authenticity, regardless of others' perceptions, earned my respect. I'll miss your intriguing viewpoints and, of course, the red velvet cake you bought for your birthday.

- Kelly (I really need to work on last names...), once again, thanks for embracing your authentic self. Your playful rivalry with Victoria in the sassy department added a lot of humor. I appreciated our growing closeness over shared drinks and fun nights.

- Aahna (I'm equally challenged with your last name...), your honesty was truly valued. I recognize there were times I pushed you beyond your comfort zone, and I'm thankful for the moments we shared.

- Michelle Johnson, thank you for the mental health check-ins. You were my first friend at UCLA, and grabbing taco bell on those initial lunch days remains vivid in my memory. I'll miss our friendship and your presence throughout the summer.

I believe this encompasses my gratitude, though it's hard to let go. Thank you all for making my time at UCLA unforgettable. Wishing you the best of luck and sending love to each of you. Here's to hoping our paths cross again soon <3.

 {% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2022/2.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Friends on my 21st Birthday" %}


### 3. Simon's Europe Extravaganza

Indeed, we've arrived at the final highlight of the month, which marked the beginning of my exhilarating adventure in Europe. The plane journey to Geneva was a bit rough, mainly because I was already missing Noelle. Yet, airplanes somehow offer the perfect setting to quietly shed a tear... Regardless, these emotions needed to dissipate swiftly, as life was about to undergo a major transformation. And oh boy, things shifted drastically and rapidly.

Upon reaching Switzerland, I was immediately greeted by the French language. My French was rusty, but I had the basics down like "merci beaucoup," "bonjour," "bonsoir," and such. Naively, I believed these phrases would carry me through the country, but I would soon discover that this was far from the reality. Fortunately, my parents had kindly offered to help me settle in, except I had nowhere to actually settle... Issues seemed to pile on, yet in the grand scheme, I was still content to be there. I've always been one to find silver linings, but my patience was tested quite swiftly. So, with no housing, limited French proficiency, and the challenge of adapting to a completely new culture, I joyfully announced my official move to Europe!

A few observations about Europe surfaced quickly. The public openness I had expected wasn't as evident. In my mind, Europe didn't evoke an image of conservatism, but living there for a few weeks revealed a different reality. Fortunately, this perception didn't persist for too long, as I made my first friend in Switzerland, Kem. Interestingly, Kem's parents met at UCLA before moving to Europe for work, providing a comforting connection to home. She became my translator, tour guide, and first friend all rolled into one, helping me navigate the city of Lausanne. Additionally, Europe boasted some of the most stunning architecture I had ever encountered. My life in California had been surrounded by modernity, yet Europe's buildings exuded an elegant style that made it feel like living in a true fairy tale. Lastly, while chocolate and Swiss cheese were delightful Swiss offerings, the food options weren't particularly impressive. Meat prices were beyond my budget, and I genuinely didn't know what I was going to eat in this country.

 {% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2022/4.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Kem my first friend" %}

On a more serious not, an early reality check had also struck hard as my super eventful summer morphed into a realm of responsibilities, perpetual stress, and adulting. Friends were scarce apart from Kem, I fell victim to a housing scam, and I eventually secured accommodations across Lake Geneva in Evian Les Bains, France. This translated to a daily commute from France to Switzerland for school. Amidst the headaches spawned by my move to Europe, I can proudly declare that I made it. Facing homelessness temporarily and adjusting to a new environment pushed me to mature rapidly within this whirlwind month. The carefree days were over; I started embracing a more professional demeanor, a necessity. Though classes aren't starting until next month, I acknowledge there's much more to learn before comfort settles in. Anticipation brews for new experiences, and I eagerly embrace the journey that awaits me in this foreign land. I will keep you updated as my journey across Europe ensues.

 {% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2022/3.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Life in Europe" %}

# One thing I learned this Month

### Adversity is Good

I am a firm believer that adversity is beneficial. This month, I shared three highlights that might easily be labeled as lowlights by someone else's standards. However, I believe that embracing challenges fosters character development. In a recent Reddit post, I came across a discussion about young prodigies who never confront challenges until they enter the real world, and how they often struggle when faced with adversity. Although I may not fully understand what it means to be a prodigy, I wholeheartedly agree that adversity is indeed valuable. Essential skills like problem-solving, learning from experiences, and maintaining personal composure were all aspects I had to navigate throughout the month of August. I departed from a comfortable situation, even leaving my home country, and now I was confronted with a language barrier, homelessness, and even falling victim to a scam. All of these experiences turned out to be valuable lessons this month, illustrating that making mistakes is a blessing for someone of my age. Experience cannot be taught, and I found solace in the fact that many of these hardships were happening to me at the age of 21, as I navigate my way in the world.

So, here's a bold statement: I relish challenges, thrive under scrutiny and pressure. These factors have contributed to molding me into a more responsible and capable adult. I eagerly anticipate the future challenges that await me in this new country.

# Quote of the Monthly 

"The measure of intelligence is the ability to change" - Albert Einstein (Swiss Native!)

### Contact

Simon Lee

simon.lee@epfl.ch (My brand new swiss school email)

simonlee711@gmail.com