---
title: "Europe experience so far"
categories:
 - Blogging
tags:
 - Lifestyle
 - Europe
---
 
Living in Europe has brought together totally brand new experiences and a total cultural shock even during my second long-term stay. Today I wanted to bring in light some of the downsides of living in Europe from my single perspective. Though there have been plenty of positives, I sort of wanted to highlight some of the downsides instead. It is safe to say, I have taken some key features for granted. * *Disclaimer I am from California, so this might not be a totally fair assessment* *
 
One of the few downsides to Europe has been the weather. After living in California for many years, it is true that I have taken for granted how nice California is and can be. Even in September, Switzerland has been rather gloomy and already starting to become a little cold. While I do prefer colder temperatures over bakingly hot temperatures, I am not very content with the lack of sunshine that I currently am exposed to. I think weather does indeed have some effect on the mental health of a human being.
 
Another downside has been the lack of tall buildings. In Europe for whatever reason, they lack buildings taller than 4 stories. It makes every city seem very small and cramped as well as outdated. I feel as if I am living in a society that is 20 years behind the one I just left in America. Everything here has a vintage feel to it and although it can be cool in the historical contexts, it is not totally ideal in the rest.
 
A third downside has been the general environment the people create. Though I have yet to begin school, I am a little underwhelmed by the lack of openness (is this a word?) within European society. In America, everyone is rather friendly and what not but over here I have often gotten the cold shoulders from many people in day to day life. It has sort of sheltered me in a way and has limited my interactions with people. I am not sure if it is because I am asian in a predominantly white community but I do feel a little bit out of place being here. I guess it doesn't help not being able to speak the language but I just get this general sense of unfriendliness from many people.
 
However there have been just as many positive experiences, and all in all I am doing well. I begin school a week from today so I am very much looking forward to that. After all, the very reason I came here was so that I can meet all types of scholars from all around the world. I will keep you updated then. Thanks for reading this short passage!
 
 

