---
title: "EPFL's Business Mindset & Education System"
categories:
  - Blogging
tags:
  - Europe
  - Culture
  - Education
---

### Business Approach to School

As some of you may know, I have recently began school at EPFL in Lausanne Switzerland. EPFL is a world renowned engineering university and interestingly enough they also have a passion for business. Upon my arrival into this brand new education system, they have made intellectual property and riding through with your ideas a high priority. Atleast when I was an undergraduate student at UC Santa Cruz, I was not exposed to this entrepeuriship type mindset. Not many people were beginning start ups and I think the innovation side of things were never really integreated into my college education. With that said, coming to EPFL has been mind opening. They really are passionate about their students and alumni to be the worlds next big business. 

Before school even started we had a welcome day. At this welcome day the president of EPFL spoke to us at their massive Swiss Tech Convention Center where they talked about a variety of events that they hold to get into business. Some of these events were like company recruitements, entrepenurial contests, and TED talks. However from day 0 the president set the bar high for anyone that stepped foot on our campus by bringing in one of his most famous alumni, Daniel Borel, the founder of *logitech*. Mr. Borel talked about his experiences at this school and how practical his time here was for the success of his now massive company. One of the most interesting aspects of his speech was how the school itself empowered him to take that inital risk. Therefore this multimillionaire co-founder delivered a similar message in which he told us to take risks and build on innovative ideas. He said that if you believed in your product, that you could tell others to do the same. Though I never intended or intend to be the CEO of a company due to my lack of business knowledge, I took his advice and will explore during my time here. So while I was never intending to learn business, entrepenuership, or what it takes to begin a start up, I am sort of lucky just being present here will teach me a thing or two about this big subject.

This theme believe it or not also stems into the classrooms. Since I am a student in the school of life sciences this has been especially apparent. Biotech and pharma has become an extremely massive industry and it is only projected to get larger with the recent influx of biological data. Therefore cutting-edge technologies like CRISPR, NGS, etc. have opened doors to explore some of the worlds most ambitious problems in drug discovery, biomedical sciences, and genetics. So even in my biology courses, this business mindset has been apparent and it is not far off until I start a company.... just kidding....

---

### Eductation system

In addition to the business aspect of things, experiencing a brand new education system has also been quite eye-opening. Switzerland has a shocking 51% passing rate amongst 1st year bachelors students due to their education system. I would like to therefore explain on their system and why nearly half of the school never obtains a bachelors degree:

Unlike the US, if you have a high school diploma, you are free to go to any univeristy you would like. However as a form of regulating the universities population density, they need an efficient form of filtering out students. The top two famous Swiss univerisities EPFL and ETH have the highest fail rate amongst their students and it is thanks to their filtering system. Because both these schools are strictly engineering, all 1st year bachelor students typically take the same courses in mathematics and physics that they will need in their engineering disciplines. No matter if you are a computer scientist, electrical/mechanical/bio/civil engineer, or an architect, you will need some foundational knowledge on mathematics and physics. Therefore they teach you everything from Calculus, to Fourier transforms all within a year. To contrast this to my education, I was never introduced to Foruier series/transforms until my final year at university. For this reason it is safe to say that this education system is brutal for the new 18 year olds that enter EPFL/ETH. 

By no surpise, a lot of students fail because the workload is far more than a full time job in the USA. The unit (ECT) system here is borderline insanity for any student attending this school. The scale is typically for every ECT you take you are required to do double the amount of hours. They also advise students to take roughly 30 ECT's a semester to stay on track to graduate on time. To contextualize this educational insanity, I am currently taking 32 ECT's. The expectation is that I will work double the amount of ECT's in hours per week. This means I have to work around 64 hours in a week to keep up with all the curriculum. So all students who go to school at EPFL or ETH have to go through many years of an intense workload. To put my thought on this education system, I am unsure it is totally healthy. Through speaking with the Swiss locals, they say that there is literally no time to do other activities and that they really need to prepare themselves mentally to recieve a bachelors degree. On top of that a bachelors is deemed worthless in the European workforce and most careers require a minimum of a masters degree for any sort of work. This means students at EPFL/ETH typically are taking this massive schedules for a lengthy duration of 5 years. 

This education system is far more intense than the one I just came from in the USA. There also appears to be this propoganda in Europe that America is superior and ahead by many years. Swiss locals have expressed how their professors have been telling them for years that without this life style they would not survive in America, and they are always shocked to hear when I tell them this is not true at all. During my undergraduate degree I took on average 4 classes and was able to do other extracurriculars during this time. Therefore talking to these people have been really interesting. Since I am just starting school, I have not felt this pressure quite yet but I am preparing myself for the worse throughout the semester. I actaully have school for 14 straight weeks and do not get a single holiday break until we get off of school on Christmas Eve! So while its been a unique experience, I am trying to mentally prepare myself for this intensive workload that is to come. Wish me the best...

Thanks for reading!