---
title: "The October Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

At last, the moment I had been eagerly anticipating for months had arrived. This monumental event marked the beginning of my journey in graduate school at EPFL! Although I officially started at the end of September, I had postponed writing about it due to a busy and eventful month. Now, with my first full month of school behind me, there is much to share about this unique experience. To provide a glimpse of what lies ahead, embarking on this educational endeavor is unlike anything I've encountered before. As I delve into the pros and cons, I am genuinely content to have commenced the very reason I came to this continent. My life as a European student was unfolding, and I'm eager to embrace the unfolding chapters of the months ahead.

Education has always held significant importance for me, and this marked the initiation of my studies at a distinguished institution with a strict focus on engineering. École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) stands as a premier establishment celebrated for its pioneering research and innovative educational approaches in the heart of Lausanne, Switzerland. Committed to excellence in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM), EPFL has consistently secured its position among the world's top universities. The campus, nestled along the serene shores of Lac Leman, harmoniously merges academic rigor with natural beauty, fostering an environment that nurtures both creativity and intellectual exploration.

The commitment of EPFL to pushing the boundaries of knowledge is unmistakable through its cutting-edge research centers and institutes spanning a diverse array of disciplines. From nanotechnology to renewable energy, artificial intelligence to bioengineering, the university serves as a trailblazer in driving advancements that address critical global challenges. The university's collaborative ethos encourages interdisciplinary research, empowering students and faculty to participate in projects that transcend conventional academic boundaries.

In the sphere of education, EPFL prides itself on an innovative curriculum that equips students with the skills necessary to navigate a swiftly evolving technological landscape. Its emphasis on hands-on learning ensures graduates are adeptly prepared to contribute effectively to both industry and academia. Furthermore, strategic partnerships with industries and organizations afford EPFL students opportunities to gain firsthand insights through internships, projects, and collaborations.

Situated in the heart of Europe, EPFL benefits from its close proximity to another esteemed institution, Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich (ETH Zurich). Together, EPFL and ETH Zurich serve as cornerstones of Switzerland's scientific and technological accomplishments, fostering a symbiotic relationship characterized by healthy competition and collaboration. This dynamic alliance has spurred groundbreaking research ventures and mutual endeavors to propel knowledge and innovation forward. As EPFL continues to shape the future through pioneering research and forward-thinking education, its influence reverberates not only across Switzerland but also resonates globally. From an institutional standpoint, I was more than thrilled to commence my academic expedition at EPFL, an institution that thrives on diversity with individuals hailing from across the world.

# Top Three Highlights of the Month

### 1. EPFL

Now that EPFL has been properly introduced, I'd like to provide you with an overview of my experience thus far. To be honest, it's hard to believe that the time to begin school has finally arrived! Since receiving my acceptance in late February during my senior year, I've eagerly anticipated this day and am filled with excitement for everything that lies ahead at this University. The decision to attend EPFL marked one of the biggest choices in my life so far – leaving behind a place I called home, my family, and loved ones. However, EPFL holds a special place in my family's history, as I spent a year here during my adolescence. At the age of 10, my father took a sabbatical and worked abroad at EPFL for nearly a year. Consequently, there are many cherished memories from that time, and I already had some familiar roots and connections established in this country.

Graduate school holds a unique significance as it signifies the pursuit of further specialization within a chosen field. At this moment, I find great promise in the life sciences realm, especially at its intersection with computation. This was the precise direction I aimed to pursue during my time at EPFL. As mentioned earlier, the institution is home to a multitude of exceptional researchers, and above all, I was eager to experience an entirely new educational system and other aspects of life. I was prepared to seize any opportunities that came my way – whether in research, industry involvement, or participation in travel conferences. I was genuinely looking forward to exploring various avenues to achieve these goals.

Beyond the educational aspect, leaving my hometown provided an ideal opportunity to transition from being a college graduate to embracing the role of a young adult. I'm inherently open-minded, sometimes to a fault, but I have an inclination towards seeking out unique opportunities that are worth pursuing. To me, youth is an absolute privilege, and there are numerous experiences I'd rather try than remain within my comfort zone. Embracing youthfulness, especially after completing college in just three years, has endowed me with a sense of endless possibilities and the understanding that time is not a constraint. Thus, this decision was not only a personal journey but also part of a broader initiative to explore life from the perspective of the other side of the world – experiencing it for all its diverse facets.

While I won't delve extensively into the educational aspect, I would like to share some initial impressions I've had of the school. First and foremost, I'm confident that the network I'll establish here will be beyond satisfying, given that this is one of the most cosmopolitan schools globally. In just the first few weeks, I've encountered people from Lebanon, Greece, various parts of Switzerland, and more. Despite not spotting many Americans, my American identity stood out, adding a unique layer to my experience. People were intrigued about my presence here, putting me in a somewhat elevated position as an American in a crowd largely composed of non-Americans.

Another intriguing aspect of the school is the integration of foreign students with native Swiss students who are continuing their education from their undergraduate degrees. In Switzerland, it's almost an unwritten rule that a minimum of a master's degree is necessary to secure a job. Consequently, many students remain in school not by choice, but because it's mandatory for progressing further in the industry pipeline. Interestingly, numerous Swiss students are of a similar age to me due to the typical three-year duration for students to complete their undergraduate studies. The reasons behind this will be explored later, but the amalgamation of foreign and Swiss students has created an intriguing dynamic. Within our life sciences department, our group is one of the largest due to the four specializations offered in this field. However, since many Swiss students have been together for a few years, it has led to the emergence of two subgroups that became apparent during my first month of courses. Although there were certainly kind individuals who showed interest in interacting with international students, the general trend seemed to be that, in the nature of European culture (or perhaps non-American culture), most native students didn't readily integrate with our international crowd.

Irrespective of these dynamics, I've made a concerted effort to connect with as many people as possible, recognizing that this academic journey cannot be undertaken alone. The friends I've made come from diverse backgrounds, ranging from Mathematics and Electrical Engineering to Mechanical Engineering and Computer Science. This eclectic mix of students pursuing a degree in bioinformatics brings a range of strengths to the table, which has proven invaluable during group projects and assignments. This has truly been an exciting period of learning, and I eagerly anticipate gaining a wealth of insights and knowledge from my peers throughout my time here.


{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/oct2022/3.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Welcome to EPFL" %}

### 2. Taking a Boat to School

The second moment I want to share was not necessarily a highlight, but rather a unique situation I found myself in. Back in August, I alluded to the fact that I had been unable to secure housing in Switzerland, leading to my daily commute from France to attend school. Months prior to the start of classes, I tried various routes via train and boat, but there was no direct option that would make my journey to school convenient. Thus, I embarked on an almost hour-and-a-half commute each day. Thankfully, my apartment in Evian Les Bains was just minutes away from the port, where I would catch a ferry to the southside of Downtown Lausanne, a place called Ouchy. From there, I needed to take two different metro lines to reach the school. Unfortunately, my 9 am classes meant I had to leave for school around 6 am just to arrive on time. If I missed the 6 am ferry, the next one wasn't until around 7:30 am, virtually guaranteeing my lateness. While this daily ferry ride proved to be a real hassle, it's become quite the story to tell.

I've heard of people commuting from other parts of town, and I know people who have had to commute to attend school, but taking a boat to get to school was a novel experience for me. My situation became a topic of conversation among my friends, eliciting a mix of amusement and sympathy. Despite the challenges of this commute, I believe I managed to sidestep the complexities of Switzerland's intricate and costly rental system, which is implemented throughout the country. Switzerland's unique approach to renting reflects its meticulous attitude toward various aspects of life, and it involves specific processes such as setting up a dedicated bank account and registering with the local cantonal authorities.

 {% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/oct2022/4.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="The Ferry" %}

One particularly distinct feature of renting in Switzerland is the necessity for a "rental guarantee." This deposit, usually equivalent to several months' rent, is placed in a specialized bank account known as a "blocked account" or "rental deposit account." The purpose of this account is to provide a secure mechanism for handling potential disagreements between tenants and landlords regarding damages, unpaid rent, or other lease-related issues upon the conclusion of the rental period. The deposit remains in the account throughout the tenancy and is only released at the end if all conditions are met. As someone who was supporting himself throughout my two-year stay in Europe, it seemed impractical to tie up roughly 7-8 thousand dollars in an account I couldn't access until my lease ended.

Moreover, when renting a property in Switzerland, tenants are required to register with the local cantonal authorities. This registration process entails providing personal information and details about the rental agreement. The purpose is to keep track of the population, ensure legal residency in the chosen canton, and maintain a record of residents' locations. This registration aids local authorities in managing services such as taxation and social benefits. While intended to regulate the population, the accompanying fees, along with the mandatory health insurance required soon after, translated into substantial expenses in the country. As a student, it felt somewhat unjust and unsustainable to allocate a significant portion of my savings to the canton for minimal care.

Nonetheless, Switzerland's emphasis on transparency, stability, and legal compliance extends to its rental regulations. The laws are designed to safeguard the rights of both tenants and landlords, creating an equitable housing environment. Tenants are entitled to certain rights, including habitable living conditions, reasonable rent increases, and privacy. Landlords, in turn, have the right to prompt rent payments and property maintenance. While these regulations are not overly burdensome, they underscore the wealth disparity in Switzerland, which wasn't surprising considering it's the most expensive city in the world – a fact I discovered shortly after my arrival. All things considered, I was content living in Evian, where I could bypass these processes in the long run.

### 3. Navigating a new Education System

Lastly, I want to delve into the distinctive education system that EPFL and other Swiss universities offer. EPFL is known for its reputation of being notably challenging, with a first-year failure rate as high as 67%. But what makes it so difficult? EPFL (École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne) and ETH Zurich (Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich) stand out as two of Switzerland's most esteemed technical universities, celebrated for their exacting academic standards and rigorous programs. The criteria for obtaining a degree from these institutions are indeed stringent, and the formidable workload and intricate curriculum contribute to their reputation for academic rigor. This rigorous approach, however, also results in a considerable number of students grappling and sometimes faltering in their pursuit of completing their studies.

One fundamental reason for the elevated standards and demanding criteria at EPFL and ETH is these universities' unwavering commitment to upholding a world-class education system. The Swiss educational framework, in general, places a pronounced emphasis on excellence, research, and innovation. EPFL and ETH are no exceptions; their mission is to produce graduates well-equipped to make substantial contributions to cutting-edge research, technological advancements, and innovation within their chosen fields.

Both EPFL and ETH offer programs across domains like engineering, computer science, natural sciences, and architecture. The curricula are meticulously designed to instill a profound and all-encompassing comprehension of the subjects, encompassing intricate theoretical concepts alongside hands-on applications. The coursework is demanding, and students are expected to allocate a significant portion of their time to studies, involving lectures, laboratory work, projects, and assignments. Particularly intriguing is their insistence on establishing a firm grasp of theoretical mathematics and physics prior to delving into coursework within engineering or the sciences. As many fields necessitate a robust mathematical foundation, all first-year students undergo a uniform curriculum for their first two semesters. Astonishingly, they cover an extraordinary depth of mathematical content within a solitary year. In comparison, what I spent three years accomplishing in the USA was condensed into 14 in-depth classes in a single year.

The grading system at EPFL and ETH is renowned for its rigor, mirroring the universities' exacting standards. Consequently, achieving passing grades can be a formidable challenge. The competitive milieu of the academic landscape, coupled with the drive to excel, can contribute to stress and burnout among students. Furthermore, both EPFL and ETH uphold a "sink or swim" philosophy, expecting students to be proactive, self-motivated learners adept at managing their time efficiently and seeking assistance when necessary. This approach contributes to a significant attrition rate, as individuals who struggle to adapt to the demanding requirements may find themselves overwhelmed and unable to keep pace. It's so intense that these universities exhibit the highest failure rate among students compared to any other institution in the world. A single course failure in any year of university typically results in academic probation, and a subsequent failure can result in expulsion from these institutions and the inability to pursue the field of study at any Swiss university. This truly illustrates the extremity of the educational system in place.

It's crucial to acknowledge that while the stringent criteria and elevated attrition rates might seem intimidating, they significantly contribute to the prestige of EPFL and ETH degrees. Graduates from these institutions are held in high esteem within their respective fields due to the rigorous education and training they undergo. However, the intense academic atmosphere isn't a fit for everyone, and it's not uncommon for students to either transfer to different universities or choose alternative paths if they find the demands to be overwhelming. Regrettably, during my time here so far, I've encountered numerous individuals who lack confidence in their abilities, despite my belief that they are among the most gifted individuals I've encountered in my entire experience. However, merely learning about this entirely new educational system was both daunting and exhilarating, as the stakes were elevated, promising practical skills and knowledge from this university.

This semester, I find myself juggling an overwhelming load of courses, totaling seven. Prior to the commencement of the school year, I had contemplated that the number of classes I'd be undertaking could potentially surpass the workload of a full-time job in the USA. The ECT (European Credit Transfer) system employed here borders on the verge of insanity for any student enrolled in this institution. The rule of thumb is that for every ECT taken, double the hours are required. Furthermore, students are advised to enroll in approximately 30 ECTs per semester to remain on track for timely graduation. To provide context for this educational rigor, I'm currently enrolled in 32 ECTs. The expectation entails that I dedicate twice the ECTs in hours per week, equating to around 64 hours weekly to keep pace with the curriculum. Consequently, all EPFL and ETH students have to navigate several years of this demanding workload, raising questions about the feasibility of engaging in additional activities. However, only time will unveil the true scope of opportunities.

Although I'm filled with trepidation about the upcoming academic challenges, it's possible that this is precisely what I require. It's inconceivable that there won't be valuable gains from confronting such considerable challenges. My perspective is that even if I encounter struggles, the amount of knowledge I'll accumulate will be immeasurably beneficial in the long run. Up until now, I've never undertaken more than five classes at the collegiate level, but I've also come to terms with the fact that EPFL selected me out of many international candidates for a reason. Consequently, I must invest the effort they believed would lead to my success. The forthcoming months until the semester's end will undoubtedly demand an intense focus, but I genuinely anticipate the challenges that lie ahead. To be honest, this is precisely why I pursued graduate school—I seek a journey that's anything but easy, wanting to genuinely earn my degree this time around. With this mindset, I request your best wishes, and I eagerly look forward to providing you with updates about the academic landscape here.

# One thing I learned this Month

### You Can Always Level Up

In the spirit of embracing challenges and adversities, I find it essential to pause and remind everyone that there's always room for personal growth. Reflecting on my college years, I recall dedicating myself wholeheartedly to juggling 4-5 classes per semester, juggling three part-time jobs, and even finding pockets of time for social interactions and club engagements. Yet, now that I've transitioned to this new academic environment, and having grasped the weight of expectations upon me, I recognize the need to take yet another stride forward and "level up," so to speak. It's imperative to debunk any notion that life can be effortlessly easy; in reality, going through challenges and obstacles at my current stage of life seems almost opportune.

During my time here, I aspire to evolve into a superior student and a more well-rounded individual. This endeavor is fueled by my aspiration to continue impressing myself and uncovering the full extent of my capabilities. I seek to strike a balance between my academic pursuits and endeavors outside of school, although I must admit that the price of such personal growth might potentially be a brush with my own sanity. As time progresses, only then will I truly gauge the cost of leveling up.

Anticipate witnessing a more intellectually sharp and finely-tuned version of myself, as I embark on this journey of self-improvement. The forthcoming period promises to be an authentic test of my mettle, pushing me to the limits and prompting me to confront the unknown facets of my potential. Rest assured, things are about to get real, and I am eager to embrace this transition and all that it entails.

 {% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/oct2022/2.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="My Official ID and a New Improved Simon to come 💪 " %}


# Quote of the Monthly 

“I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.” - Gautama Buddha

### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com

simon.lee@epfl.ch