---
title: "The August Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

As I sit down to reflect on this moment, I am filled with a sense of accomplishment and nostalgia. It's hard to believe that an entire year has passed since I embarked on this journey of blogging. A year ago, I embarked on a mission to capture the essence of my life's experiences, to record my thoughts, my adventures, and my reflections. Little did I know how this digital canvas would evolve into a space where I could not only preserve my memories but also share the knowledge and insights I've gathered along the way. It's been an incredible ride of self-discovery, growth, and creativity, as each post served as a window into my world, allowing me to relive moments, revisit lessons learned, and witness the steady evolution from month to month. This platform has not only become a digital diary but a testament to the power of expression and the joy of connecting with a community that shares in my passions and pursuits. As I celebrate this one-year milestone, I can't help but feel immense gratitude for the opportunity to document my journey, share my learnings, and connect with all of you who have joined me on this adventure. Thank you for being a part of this incredible year, and I look forward to what the future holds for this blog and the stories yet to be told.

# Top Three Highlights of the Month

### 1. K-Pop & J-Pop

The global music landscape has been significantly enriched by the cultural phenomena known as K-pop and J-pop. Originating from South Korea and Japan, respectively, these genres have transcended geographical boundaries to captivate audiences worldwide with their unique blend of music, visuals, and cultural influence. K-pop, characterized by its catchy melodies, intricate choreography, and visually stunning music videos, has garnered an enormous international fanbase. Groups like BTS, New Jeans, and Stray Kids have not only achieved massive commercial success but have also become cultural ambassadors, connecting fans from diverse backgrounds through their music. K-pop's fusion of genres, fashion, and vibrant energy has turned it into more than just music – it's a lifestyle that inspires a dedicated global community.

J-pop, with its roots deep in Japanese culture, also boasts a strong and dedicated following. Characterized by its diverse soundscapes and emphasis on emotional depth, J-pop encompasses a wide range of musical styles, from pop and rock to electronic and experimental. Icons like Lisa and Atarashi Gakko have achieved immense popularity within and beyond Japan, capturing hearts with their emotive lyrics and innovative music production. J-pop's connection to anime, manga, and other aspects of Japanese pop culture has helped it resonate with fans worldwide, showcasing the power of music to bridge cultural gaps and foster cross-cultural appreciation.

This month I got to experience both of these worlds by attending various music events scattered in the month of August. I therefore thought I'd share the two groups performances in particular which inspired this months post.

# BLACKPINK

BLACKPINK is a South Korean girl group that has taken the global music scene by storm. Formed by YG Entertainment, the group debuted in 2016 and quickly rose to fame with their distinct blend of pop, hip-hop, and electronic music, paired with visually captivating performances. Consisting of four members – Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa – BLACKPINK is known for their powerful vocals, dynamic choreography, and stylish image. Their music videos and fashion choices have garnered significant attention, making them cultural icons beyond the music industry.

**Lisa**:
Lalisa Manoban, professionally known as Lisa, was born on March 27, 1997, in Thailand. She holds the positions of main dancer, lead rapper, and sub-vocalist in BLACKPINK. Lisa's exceptional dance skills and charismatic rap verses contribute to the group's energetic performances. As the group's first non-Korean member, Lisa's international appeal has played a pivotal role in BLACKPINK's global success. Her dynamic stage presence, unique fashion sense, and vibrant personality have garnered her a massive fanbase and solidified her status as a global superstar.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2023/2.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Lisa" %}

**Jennie**:
Jennie Kim, simply known as Jennie, was born on January 16, 1996, in South Korea. She holds the position of main rapper and vocalist in BLACKPINK. Jennie's fiery rap verses and melodic singing add depth and versatility to the group's music. Beyond her musical talents, Jennie's fashion-forward style and charismatic stage presence have earned her a reputation as a trendsetter. As one of the group's most iconic members, Jennie's contributions extend beyond music, with her solo projects and collaborations making her a multi-faceted artist.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2023/3.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Jennie" %}

**Rosé**:
Roseanne Park, known by her stage name Rosé, was born in New Zealand on February 11, 1997, before moving to Australia. She is the main vocalist and lead dancer of BLACKPINK. Rosé's soulful and emotive vocals bring a unique dimension to the group's sound. Her ability to convey emotions through her singing has endeared her to fans around the world. Rosé's journey from a small town to a global stage serves as an inspiration for many. Her charming personality and dedication to her craft make her a beloved member of BLACKPINK.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2023/4.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Rosé" %}

**Jisoo**:
Kim Ji-soo, known as Jisoo, is a lead vocalist and visual of BLACKPINK. Born on January 3, 1995, in South Korea, Jisoo's soothing vocals and captivating stage presence contribute to the group's well-rounded sound. Her elegant and graceful demeanor makes her a standout performer during both music videos and live performances. Jisoo's strong vocals and acting skills have also led her to explore opportunities in acting and modeling. She has gained a significant following for her fashion sense and charismatic aura, making her an important pillar of BLACKPINK's appeal.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2023/5.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Jisoo" %}

**The Concert Itself**
This month, I had the incredible opportunity to attend a BLACKPINK concert at Oracle Stadium in San Francisco. For a long time, I had contemplated whether or not to actually attend, but I ultimately made the commitment, realizing that I might not have another chance like this. This decision turned out to be partially prescient because I learned after the concert that the contracts of this K-pop group were expiring. So, despite the potential financial strain, I took the leap and attended the BLACKPINK concert.

K-pop has undeniably become an integral part of California's society, and I had greatly underestimated the sheer magnitude of this group. I arrived at the venue approximately three hours before the concert even started, and there were already thousands of people waiting ahead of me. Individuals from diverse backgrounds and races had gathered for what would be BLACKPINK's first performance in the Bay Area.

One of the benefits of arriving early at K-pop concerts is the opportunity to obtain free items from fans, known as "freebies." I had this objective in mind because I appreciate freebies and wanted to show support for the group. However, I soon faced a dilemma. Another essential aspect of K-pop concerts is having a group-specific light stick that illuminates the audience in a spectacular manner. Therefore, upon reaching the stadium, I decided to wait in line for merchandise to try and obtain the light stick. I justified this decision by convincing myself that I wouldn't fully immerse myself in the experience without it. Consequently, I waited for approximately two hours in line to acquire a light stick and a shirt before finally entering the stadium.

Once the concert finally commenced, it was a truly transcendent experience. I consider myself an avid concert attendee, but this was unlike any other concert I had ever been to. I want to emphasize the tremendous impact of the group that extended far beyond their fan base. Their fans displayed a level of passion and dedication that was unlike anything I had seen for any group, creating an incredibly energetic atmosphere. At the time, I probably only knew about six out of the twenty-three songs they performed, but it also served as a musical awakening for me. I had the opportunity to hear a lot of their work dating back to when they debuted seven years ago. During the show I had particularly enjoyed watching them perform "Typa Girl", which was how I became a fan of the group. Seeing their live performance from Coachella on Youtube in the flesh was really an amazing experience. And in general, the stage sets, the outfits, and the music combined to create a harmonious and unforgettable evening. I had an immense amount of fun and realized that I had underestimated the world of K-pop. I can now see myself attending future concerts in this niche community.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/z9tifvQSu-g" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

# YOASOBI

YOASOBI is a Japanese music duo that has gained significant popularity for their unique blend of music and storytelling. The duo consists of two members, Ikura (vocalist) and Ayase (composer), who collaborate to create captivating songs that often explore themes of emotions, relationships, and personal experiences. YOASOBI's music is characterized by its emotive lyrics and electronic-pop sound, making them stand out in the Japanese music scene.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/august2023/1.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="YOASOBI" %}


**Ikura (Ikura-san)**:
Ikura is the vocalist of YOASOBI. Her real name is Shingyouji Ikura, and she is known for her emotive and soothing voice. Not much personal information is readily available about Ikura, as YOASOBI prioritizes the focus on their music and storytelling rather than personal details. Her distinct vocal style plays a significant role in conveying the emotions and narratives within YOASOBI's songs. Ikura's voice brings a sense of vulnerability and authenticity to their music, allowing listeners to connect with the stories they tell.

**Ayase (Ayase-san)**:
Ayase is the composer and producer of YOASOBI. His real name is Takabayashi Ayase. He is responsible for creating the musical arrangements and production that complement Ikura's vocals. Ayase's musical style combines electronic and pop elements, creating a unique and atmospheric sound that enhances the storytelling aspect of YOASOBI's songs. Ayase's compositions often contribute to the emotional impact of their music, creating a synergy between the music and lyrics. Similar to Ikura, Ayase keeps a low profile, with the focus being on their artistic collaboration rather than individual recognition.

Together, Ikura and Ayase form YOASOBI, a duo that has captivated listeners with their innovative approach to music and their ability to create deeply emotional and relatable songs.

**The Concert Itself** 
Similar to BLACKPINK, I had the opportunity to see one of my favorite J-pop groups, YOASOBI, this month at the Head in The Clouds (HITC) Music Festival held annually in Pasadena, California. This was actually going to be my first-ever music festival attendance, and it was going to be unique because I was going alone. However, if there's anything I've learned in the past year, it's my ability to meet people through unconventional means. Therefore, I wasn't concerned about going alone, and to foreshadow, I had an absolute blast.

When I was in Japan, I had the chance to attend a YOASOBI concert. However, the ticketing system in Japan is quite unique, and obtaining tickets through resale or without a Japanese phone number is nearly impossible. Initially, I had purchased a resale ticket, but I was informed that tickets bought in Japan are bound to your name, and it's challenging to purchase tickets from others without going through official platforms like ローチケ (ローソンチケット). I was somewhat disappointed because YOASOBI ended up delivering an incredible live performance on YouTube at the Saitama Super Dome, which looked absolutely amazing. However, it wasn't the worst thing in the world since they were planning to come to the USA.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RzXTe-QfWTw" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I chose to attend the HITC music festival primarily because of YOASOBI. I knew a few of the other headliners like NIKI, ZEDD, and Rich Brian, but beyond those big names, I wasn't familiar with the 88 Rising Community. Therefore, this experience enriched my already diverse musical palette. I discovered new artists like Warren Hue, DPR Ian, XG, among others. But once again, I was there for one reason and one reason only.

On Sunday, the day they performed, I remember it was a scorching hot weekend in Southern California. We were in the midst of a heatwave, with temperatures reaching up to the 100s, which was quite challenging. What made it even more challenging was my determination to secure a spot up front, so I stood in the crowd since the festival opened at 1 pm that day. For the next six hours, I patiently waited, making sure to stay hydrated at all costs to endure the weather. I met a lot of people there, all waiting to see different performers, but eventually, I joined a group who had also been waiting for YOASOBI all day. Together, we endured as we saw many people pass out from dehydration and heat stroke. However, I was determined not to let the weather ruin my experience.

When YOASOBI finally came on stage, it was everything I could have ever imagined. Although the production of the performance was not as elaborate as their concerts in Japan, it was a wonderful feeling to be a part of their first performance in the United States. I particularly enjoyed their performances of "夜に駆ける" and "アイドル." I am thrilled to have crossed off yet another artist from my long list of people I want to see live, and I couldn't be happier about it all.

### 2. A Cultural Awakening

The next significant chapter of my life delves into my personal experiences, particularly one that has shaped my character in profound ways. Throughout much of my adolescence, I grappled with a profound sense of identity crisis, a period in which I felt remarkably out of sync with my own culture. As I reflect on those years, I recall that my circle of friends primarily consisted of individuals from a different cultural background, primarily white. Regrettably, during those times, I often felt uncomfortable sharing or showcasing aspects of my own culture when I was around them. From a young age, I harbored an aversion to drawing undue attention to myself, primarily due to the feeling of being different. Consequently, I found myself distancing from my Japanese and Korean roots.

That was until this month when I experienced a cultural awakening of sorts. Spending June in Japan and slowly reconnecting with more of my Asian roots felt like a return to my authentic self. While I always cherished Asian foods and cuisine, I rarely shared them openly with friends outside of my home. Growing up, I often felt "white-washed," not by choice but due to the demographic of the area I lived in. While I appreciate the "American" experiences I gained, it never felt entirely true to who I was.

In recent years, Asian culture has become increasingly influential in the USA through various avenues like Asian foods, pop culture, and more. Anime, K-pop, K-dramas, and Boba have all made significant impacts on our society, fostering a harmonious blend of cultures. Despite these trends, I initially remained somewhat distant. However, my perspective shifted during my time in Japan this summer.

This past year has been one of the most exhilarating yet lonely periods of my life, constantly moving from place to place. During my solo explorations of different Japanese cities, I observed my surroundings more keenly. Everywhere I looked, I encountered people who resembled me and exuded a remarkable sense of style and beauty. It dawned on me that I should embrace my true self.

While many in Asian countries aspire to live an American lifestyle and adapt accordingly, my experience led me in the opposite direction—back to my roots. It struck me that I wasn't aligned with my culture when others knew more about Korea than I did. It saddened me that people who passionately loved the country for various reasons could speak the language or were informed about current events, whereas I was not. Nevertheless, I've since felt a strong desire to fully embrace my background. I've begun studying the languages through TV and media, developed a preference for Asian cuisine over hamburgers, and have found happiness in not concealing any part of my identity.

This transformation couldn't have come at a better time as I embark on my next chapter in Los Angeles. This time, I won't shy away from being myself and embracing my true cultural identity.


### 3. Youtube Channel

One of the last highlights was a strange one in the sense that I began my own Youtube channel. It all began with a passion for music and an insatiable desire to capture the exhilarating moments of live performances. As a devoted concert-goer, I found myself immersed in the electric atmosphere of music festivals and gigs, where artists brought their artistry to life in front of thousands of enthralled fans. These events, in particular, such as ODESZA, the Head in the Clouds Music Festival, Outsidelands 2023, and BLACKPINK, left an indelible mark on my soul, and I yearned to share these experiences with the world.

With this burning enthusiasm, I embarked on a journey to start my own YouTube channel dedicated to documenting my concert escapades. Armed with a camera and an unwavering love for music, I began capturing the sights, sounds, and emotions that unfolded at each event. My channel became a canvas where I could artfully curate and present the essence of these incredible live performances.

In the world of live music, there exists an unspoken magic—an ephemeral connection between artists and their audience that transcends barriers and transports us to a realm of pure emotion. However to me, the process was more than just pointing and shooting; the reality is that not everyone can partake in this enchanting experience due to various constraints, whether it be geographical distance, financial limitations, physical challenges, or other circumstances that hinder attendance at live concerts. It was this realization that added an even deeper layer of purpose to my YouTube channel. As I continued to document my concert experiences on my channel, I became acutely aware of the power it held to bring the essence of live performances to those who might otherwise miss out. Each video I crafted was not just a montage of music and visuals; it was a conduit for sharing the heart and soul of a concert with a global audience.

In essence, my YouTube channel emerged as a beacon of inclusivity, embracing individuals from all walks of life and uniting them through the universal language of music. It's a testament to the remarkable way technology can democratize access to cultural experiences, fostering a sense of belonging and shared joy among viewers who, for various reasons, might have otherwise been left on the periphery of the live music world. I was happy to have created my own community of music enthusiasts who shared my passion. Viewers from around the world tuned in to relive the euphoria of these concerts through my lens, fostering a sense of connection and camaraderie among fellow music lovers. If you'd like to check it out, you can find more [here](https://www.youtube.com/@simonlee.a)

# One thing I learned this Month

### Do Everything you Can in the Moment and Live a Life without Regrets

In the vast tapestry of life, there exists an unspoken urgency, a reminder that the moments we live are fleeting and precious. This realization leads us to the profound wisdom of embracing the present, of doing everything we can in the very moment it arrives. The concept is simple, yet its implications are profound: living a life without regrets requires us to fully immerse ourselves in the opportunities and experiences that come our way.

Regret often finds its roots in missed chances, unfulfilled dreams, and untaken risks. It's the echo of "what if" that reverberates through our minds when we look back on our lives. But by wholeheartedly embracing each moment, we can silence that echo. It's about savoring the taste of life's banquet, saying yes to adventure, and seizing the chances that come knocking at our doors. When we take action in the present, we build a tapestry of memories that we can look back on with satisfaction rather than longing.

Living without regrets is not about reckless abandon; it's about discernment and balance. It's about making conscious choices aligned with our values and desires. It's about choosing authenticity over conformity, chasing dreams rather than societal expectations, and nurturing relationships that enrich our lives. It's the realization that life's most cherished moments are often the product of taking leaps of faith, pushing boundaries, and challenging ourselves.

The present moment is where our power resides. It's where we have the ability to shape our narratives, to create our stories, and to etch our footprints on the sands of time. By embracing the here and now, we cultivate a deeper connection to life itself. We become more attuned to our senses, more appreciative of the beauty around us, and more in tune with our own passions and aspirations.

In the end, the idea of doing everything we can in the moment is an invitation to live fully and authentically. It encourages us to confront our fears, pursue our passions, mend broken bonds, and chase after the dreams that light up our souls. It's a reminder that life is not a dress rehearsal but the grand performance itself. By living with this mentality, we free ourselves from the shackles of regret and open ourselves to a life rich with experiences, connections, and a profound sense of purpose.

# Quote of the Monthly 

"What if it can turn out better than I imagined" - Lisa Lowe

### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com

simonlee711@g.ucla.edu