---
title: "The March Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

**This week's blog is pretty lengthy as it is all about travel and the trips I went on...**

March was a big travel month for me. I became so fed up with the weather in Boston that I decided to leave every chance I got. So typically I began traveling on Fridays due to a lack of meetings at work and would return by Monday. In my short three months in Boston, I have come to appreciate the fabulous weather that was in California all along. Though Boston is on the more extreme side, I was certain that wherever I choose to call my long term home one day, it definitely would not be anywhere this remotely cold. Talking with my co-workers, they tell me things don't turn around until early May so looking forward to the proceeding months out here in New England. 

# Top Three Highlights of the Month

### 1. California Roadtrip

Recently, I have come to realize that friendship is one of the most valuable things in my life. A good friend can provide support, motivation, and simply be someone to talk to. It is a deep-rooted treasure that I hold dearly. Many aspects of my life have been influenced by the people I surround myself with, and they are a significant factor in my current accomplishments. With that being said, I would like to provide a brief overview of the reasons behind my trip and what it has meant to me.

During the past summer, I had the pleasure of meeting Osagie Aimiuwu, who quickly became one of my close friends from the time spent together at UCLA. He happened to be my next-door neighbor, and we developed a strong bond that continued beyond that summer. I greatly admire his sense of humor and his unabashed attitude. It was Osagie who came up with the idea of a road trip to California, and given that I grew up and attended college in California, it felt only right to show him around. Our planned trip involved traveling along the California coast, visiting five major cities along the way: San Francisco, Santa Cruz, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, and San Diego. While all these cities are located near the ocean, each offers a distinct "Californian" experience. The success of this trip relied on the fact that I had close contacts in these five cities who were kind enough to host us during our journey. And so, the two of us embarked on what turned out to be a highly eventful week of travel.

---

#### Day 1: San Francisco

San Francisco is a place I have called home for quite some time. It's the city where I grew up and became familiar with every nook and cranny. The plan for that day was to show my friend around SF, pick up my other friend Philippa Steinburg, and later have dinner with my family before spending the night in Berkeley. However, as is often the case, things don't always go as planned, and I quickly realized that this trip would encounter some unexpected changes.

The first challenge we faced was with our rental car. Despite booking a Sports Utility Vehicle (SUV) months in advance, when we arrived to pick it up, we were handed a 2019 Toyota Corolla Sedan instead. This immediately shattered my dream of cruising with the windows down under the warm California sun. To make matters worse, California had been experiencing an Atmospheric River for months, which resulted in a series of intense storms throughout the state. It was such an unusual weather phenomenon that even Los Angeles had witnessed snow for the first time since 2007. Despite the unfavorable weather and our less-than-ideal vehicle situation, I was determined not to let these circumstances dampen our spirits. This trip was not only about showing Osagie around California but also about reconnecting with familiar faces and places.

After picking up Osagie from SFO airport, we headed to Sausalito, a charming town located across the Golden Gate Bridge. The drive to Sausalito brought back fond memories of biking with my father and brother from the Embarcadero district to this picturesque town, where we would reward ourselves with a delicious ice cream treat. Lost in my reminiscing, Osagie informed me that he had friends in Sausalito whom we would surprise. After meeting up with his friends and enjoying a nice lunch together, we continued our journey south, where we took the time to admire the Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco's most iconic landmark. Despite the gloomy weather throughout the day, I distinctly remember it being unexpectedly hot and sunny as we walked across the bridge. Perhaps it was a foreshadowing of better weather to come in the following days, but as I soon discovered, my assumption was dead wrong.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/1.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Osagie & I @ Golden Gate Bridge!" %}

After our visit to the Golden Gate Bridge, we leisurely made our way to my family's home, passing by Ghirardelli Square, Pier 39, and Embarcadero before finally reaching Berkeley, where we were going to meet up with our first friend of the trip, Philippa Steinburg. Philippa and I had also met during the summer I spent in LA, and our shared love for skating brought us together. They are currently attending UC Berkeley and are in their senior year. As a fun fact, during my trip out of Europe, my last stop was in Hamburg, Germany, where I stayed with Philippa and their parents for three days before moving to Boston. Therefore, they are one of my good friends, and I was delighted to bring Osagie and introduce them to my family over dinner.

When we arrived at my parents' house in Walnut Creek, we treated our guests to a traditional Korean-style dinner, a cuisine they might not experience regularly. However, what made it interesting was that both Philippa and Osagie had dietary restrictions. Osagie disliked seafood, and Philippa followed a vegan diet. These ingredients are commonly found in Korean dishes, but that didn't stop my mother from getting creative with the menu. She served Inari Sushi, Kim-pap, and many other traditional dishes, accommodating their dietary needs. We had a fantastic dinner, sharing laughter and stories with my friends and family. It was also the first time my parents had the opportunity to meet my friends outside of my high school circle. It was a wonderful experience to bring together my family and friends before embarking on our real journey the next day.

As we bid farewell to my family, we continued on to Berkeley, where we would spend the night with Philippa. On our way, we took Fish Ranch Road, a winding path through the hills of Berkeley and Oakland. The dense fog limited our visibility to only three feet, but eventually, we arrived at Lawrence Hall of Science, where we were greeted with an incredible view of the bay. We concluded our day by strolling around UC Berkeley's beautiful campus, indulging in frozen yogurt from Yogurt Park, and catching up while the light rain slowly soaked our clothes.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/2.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Phillipa, Osagie & I @ Fish Ranch overseeing the Bay Area." %}

---

#### Day 2: Santa Cruz

On Day 2 of our road trip, we made a brief stop in Santa Cruz. I had spent some time in Santa Cruz as an adult and had formed good friendships during my short stay there. Coincidentally, it was a holiday—March 14, also known as Pi Day—which called for a celebration. To mark the occasion, I picked up an apple pie from a local bakery where I ran into my friend, Alex Pavy. Alex had a significant impact on my life, as she encouraged me to become the person I had always dreamed of being. Her influence played a crucial role in shaping who I am today.

After meeting up with Alex, we headed to Woodstock's Pizza for lunch to celebrate Pi Day. We met with my applied mathematics friends—Adam, Adrian, Joey, and Brad—and enjoyed our pizza, pie, and brews together. It was wonderful to reconnect with them after nearly a year apart and hear about their plans for the future as they were nearing the end of their undergraduate studies.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/3.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="(left to right) Adam, Joey, Adrian, Brad, Osagie & I enjoying Pi Day. My dearest applied mathematics friends during college." %}

Following our Pi Day celebration, Osagie and I took a break from our food comas and relaxed on the city's beach. Santa Cruz, California, is a coastal paradise that seamlessly combines natural beauty, a laid-back atmosphere, and a vibrant community. Nestled along the picturesque Monterey Bay, Santa Cruz offers stunning beaches, towering redwood forests, and a thriving surf culture. It is a haven for outdoor enthusiasts and nature lovers, with renowned surf spots such as Steamer Lane and Pleasure Point attracting surfers of all skill levels.

The charm of Santa Cruz extends beyond its natural wonders. The downtown area is a bustling hub with eclectic shops, local boutiques, and a wide array of delicious eateries. This unique blend of natural beauty, outdoor adventures, and vibrant culture makes Santa Cruz a must-visit destination on California's Central Coast. It was definitely worth showcasing during our road trip.

In the final part of the day, I met up with some old high school friends— Mateo Etcheveste, Ulises J. Yepez, and Kevin Hue. The five of us went to Hulas Hawaiian & Tiki Bar, where we caught up before diving into a game of poker. While Osagie was new to playing with real money on the line, the rest of us were low-key gamblers. We had a buy-in of $15, and the stakes were raised by Kevin's unpredictable playing style. He would push all his chips to the table, making it risky to call his bluffs. Unfortunately, I fell victim to one of his bluffs and quickly lost all my money. However, by the end of the night, Osagie had a winning streak and managed to beat Uli, Kevin, and me, making a profit of $75. It was quite the beginners' luck, but also a well-played match. Osagie later used his $75 profit to fund his lunches for the rest of the week.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/4.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="(left to right) Kevin, Mateo, Uli, Osagie & I at Hulas Tiki Bar" %}

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/5.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="While I lost all my money, the boys are playing Poker" %}

---

#### Day 3: Santa Barbara

Santa Barbara was our next stop and it would be our second-longest drive of the whole trip lasting roughly five hours south. My original intention was to take Highway 1 which is the pacific coast highway down from Santa Cruz to San Luis Obispo but due to the atmospheric river, a part of the road has sunk in the ocean... However, in exchange, taking this route probably would have extended our drive by an hour so it was maybe for the better since this trip was jam-packed with stuff to do. The drive down was not very exciting since a lot of California is just valleys and farmland. California's landscape can be truly incredible due to the vast differences you witness by entering rural California. Upon reaching Santa Barbara we met up with Jaime Gomez who we would get dinner and stay the night with. I met Jaime Gomez who was in the fraternity during my freshman year of college. Jaime always sort of felt like the big brother of the group, always watching over people and taking care of them. To my anime watchers, you could almost compare him to a Reiner Braun from Attack on Titan before he goes crazy. Jaime just had a very easygoing personality and was among one of the few people I had high respect for in general. Unfortunately, after my second year of college ended, Jaime had transferred out which is the reason we could stay with him at UC Santa Barbara. Getting to catch up with him was great as he was in the midst of training (and now completed) for the LA Marathon while also telling me about his ambitions to start a business post-graduation. I have a strong belief that he will do this due to his personality, work ethic & accent! All jokes aside, it was wonderful to get to see him. We ended up going to a Mexican restaurant together and instead of enjoying the Santa Barbara sun, we experienced some extreme wind chills that made dinner uncomfortably cold.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/6.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Jaime & I enjoying dinner at Santa Barbara" %}

After dinner we let Jaime catch up on some work and we met with my friend Camille where we would later on go do some line dancing. Camille and I met last year at UCSB when I did a similar trip with Adam up to Santa Barbara. During that time Adam and Camille's friend strangely disappeared (lol), which sort of left her and I alone for some time. So during that time, we got to know each other as we were stargazing on the beach together. She knew me right before I would go on to this crazy gap year, and I remember telling her then that I was looking forward to graduating and telling her my plans of wanting to live a life that I remembered. Though we only knew each other from that weekend, we kept in touch a lot and I consider her one of my good friends. She told me that she plans to wrap up her degree from UCSB in data sciences and begin working at PwC where she will temporarily work before chasing her true ambition to teach.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/7.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Camille & I post-line-dancing" %}

Once we met up with Camille, we quickly learned two line dances, "Shivers" and "Good Times," before heading to a western bar where we would be immediately thrown into the mix. My experiences with line dancing go all the way back to middle school, where I remember doing grapevines and jazz steps. Unfortunately, I was socially exhausted by then, so I wasn't in the mood for dancing. However, Osagie seemed to really enjoy it and continued line dancing later in the trip.

At the bar, they also had a mechanical bull, which had long been on my going-out bucket list. Both Osagie and I rode the bull, but we were violently flung off. While I didn't groove on the dance floor that night, I must say that the line dancing culture looked fun for those who knew the dances. We ended our night once again with Jaime and headed to a mini karaoke bar. Surprisingly, considering it was a week right before finals, there were more people than expected. Jaime and I had no intentions of singing, but we encouraged Osagie to sign up since we were in the presence of an Acapella star. While Jaime and I enjoyed our brews, Osagie waited in the queue, only to be cut off right before the bright lights shone on him. Nevertheless, it wasn't all bad because Jaime shared some entertaining college stories that had Osagie and me laughing uncontrollably. Santa Barbara is always a must-visit for me, and it was great to see some old friends once again.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/9.PNG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Osagie on the Bull" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/8.PNG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Simon on the Bull" %}

---

#### Day 4: Los Angeles

At last, we were on our way to Los Angeles, entering familiar grounds that held special significance for both of us. Having spent significant time in the city, we were particularly excited to reunite with some old friends. Our journey from Santa Barbara took us down Highway 1, allowing us to pass by the iconic California landmark of Malibu. However, as we arrived, the cloudy weather gave the city a somewhat distorted appearance. It was a rarity to see Los Angeles with bad weather, and it felt strange and unfamiliar.

Our plans for the day were to meet up with my old roommate from the summer, Saiyang Liu. Saiyang held a special place in my heart because we complemented each other in many ways. Initially, I didn't think we would be compatible due to our contrasting personalities. However, as the summer progressed, we found that we filled each other's deficiencies. My wild and carefree nature was grounded by spending time with Saiyang, and in turn, I saw him blossom and grow as a person. He was reserved, preferred doing things alone, and tended to be pessimistic. Our time together helped him break out of his shell. It was a rewarding experience to witness his gradual transformation. Though I felt guilty about frequently inviting everyone to our room over the summer, I saw Saiyang gradually joining us, which brought me joy. Since then, he has made friends in his classes and has been more adventurous, going on small weekend trips with his newfound friends.

Before meeting up with Saiyang, I had told Osagie that during our lunch with him, I promised we would hear him say "I feel terrible..." because he used to utter that phrase nearly every day in various contexts. To my surprise, not once during lunch did he utter those words. It made me happy to see how much he has grown and changed in the eight months since the summer ended. The three of us had lunch at BCD Tofu, my favorite Korean restaurant, where I convinced Osagie to try some tofu. I believe he took a small nibble, but I cannot confirm it. This restaurant specializes in soft tofu soup (Soondubu), and Saiyang and I both enjoyed it when I took him there last summer. It was a joy to see Saiyang doing well, and I am eagerly looking forward to returning to Los Angeles soon.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/10.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Saiyang & Osagie @ BCD Tofu" %}

After concluding our previous activities, we proceeded to El Segundo, where we were set to meet my good friend, Ben Au. Ben graciously hosted us for three nights and truly went above and beyond as a super host. In addition to providing accommodations, he took us on a tour of the city, shared fascinating facts, and showed us all the local hotspots. He made his hometown feel incredibly cool, and the overall experience was fantastic.

I briefly mentioned my relationship with Ben in last week's blog post, but allow me to delve deeper. Ben and I first crossed paths during our freshman year in the fraternity, but he made the decision to drop out of school two quarters later. Similar to the dynamic between Saiyang and me, Ben played a comparable role, albeit in reverse. Back then, I was the Saiyang, while Ben assumed the role that I would later embrace. As a freshman, I was drastically different from the person I am today, and I truly needed someone like Ben who encouraged me to seize the present and enjoy life to the fullest. I was quite sheltered, and he exposed me to both the ups and downs that life had to offer. When Ben departed, I realized that there was a void that couldn't be filled. Unfortunately, this realization came too late, as I failed to show sufficient appreciation for his presence during our time together. However, I was thrilled to witness the positive changes in his life following his departure from school.

Among his numerous impressive endeavors, Ben started his own surfboarding company called *Hyperion Surfboards* and collaborated on a clothing line called *Improper Etiquette*. I was proud to be one of his earliest supporters, but I was even more thrilled to witness his remarkable progress. Our friendship dynamic was such that he served as the older brother figure, excelling in social situations, while I dominated academically. I hope this illustrates why we were so beneficial to one another. Presently, he continues to manage these two ventures, while also working at a local bar called Richmond, and pursuing his degree in communications at Cal State, Long Beach.

Upon our arrival at Ben's place, we were pleasantly surprised to find that he wasn't there, but he had made sure we had everything we needed to make ourselves at home. This moment perfectly encapsulated Ben's easygoing nature and his "I run the city" mentality, which was a positive attribute. That day, Osagie had made arrangements to meet a friend from Nigeria, so the three of us went our separate ways for the evening. Ben and I caught up at a bar in Manhattan Beach, where we were joined by his current housemate, Cierra. It was a refreshing and enjoyable experience to have a relaxing drink after days of traveling.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/100.jpg" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Mylee & I enjoying a beer @ Richmond" %}

After wrapping up our day of drinking, we proceeded to have dinner with two other friends, Mylee and Lily (not sure if it should be Lily, please confirm). We opted for an elegant seafood and cocktail restaurant, setting the stage for a night filled with festivities. Later, we walked to another bar where we enjoyed drinks and played some billiards before heading home to play Catan.Playing Catan was a fitting activity for this trip, as it held special memories from when Ben would occasionally visit after dropping out. Those visits often involved enjoyable moments of playing Catan with great company. On this trip, playing Catan allowed me to meet another one of Ben's friends, Raquel, whom I would later become well acquainted with.

It's worth noting that most of Ben's friends in El Segundo have known each other since middle school. While I personally only stay in touch with Mateo and two other friends from high school, witnessing their tight-knit community was truly remarkable. I gained valuable insights about Ben and his friends through our conversations. During our two games of Catan, Mylee emerged as the victor both times. It had been a while since I had a board game night, and engaging in this wholesome activity felt comforting and nostalgic. Osagie rejoined us in the middle of one of our games, and thus we concluded our eventful first day in Los Angeles.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/11.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Ben, Raquel, Mylee & I playing Catan" %}

---

#### Day 5: UCLA

On our second day in Los Angeles, we would be heading to UCLA. But before heading there, we had breakfast at a local diner called Wendy's. While it sounds like the fast food chain, one of the many fun facts we learned on the trip was that El Segundo is "anti-chain". Almost everything in El Segundo is a small business and it may be one of the primary reasons why the town feels so homey. We all primarily got the chicken fried chicken which was a chicken patty covered in gravy, with a side of hash browns, egg, and toast. Osagie and I couldn't really get over the fact that everyone was so interconnected in this town by knowing each other's orders and such. And for me I drank so much coffee at this diner that I was feeling super jittery before what would be a long day for my Ph.D. visit at UCLA.

At UCLA, Osagie and I once split up again since today would be a lot of meetings for me. I first met up with my former PI's, Jeffrey Chiang where we caught up about life and potential directions on existing projects. Jeff is a part of this super niche field called AI in medicine where he works on projects related to healthcare. During the summer I helped him expand on an AI system that could predict future blood pressure in the ICU, but now he was interested in an even crazier project. At a very high level, he was describing the ubiquitous data that UCLA has of their patients. And using this data, he wants to build a generative AI model that can predict a representation of a patient in the future. Since AI is quite successful at continuous predictions (regressions), it sounded very exciting and crazy in concept. The motivation behind the project is to be able to assess the health of patients from their current and past medical states (longitudinal data points), to show patient outcomes/risks. The hardest part of this problem from his eyes was trying to connect all the data together to get an interpretable representation of the patient and if all goes well, it is a project I will begin working on as early as the summer.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/12.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Professor Jeff & I @ UCLA" %}

Up next I met with the Brunilda Balliu Lab, where she works with applications in digital sensing and functional genetics. Her lab primarily does statistical genetics but I had a relatively high interest due to her work in digital sensing. This is once again a niche field where roughly 3500 patients are currently in a longitudinal study who have openly agreed to share the data from their phones, watches, and other sensors placed around the household (bed sensors, gps, etc.). With this lucrative dataset, the overarching goal is to try and build a medical system that flags patients who might be at risk of depressive episodes at any stage. Her work uses a lot of Apple products and she is therefore a collaborator with Apple which supplies her with computing resources for her research. However, in her eyes, the largest challenge is finding efficient computing tricks to process the petabytes of data being recorded from these patients to produce interpretable insights and overcome type 2 errors (false negatives) in the clinic. Type 2 errors are the doomsday of the clinic in any application of medicine because it means that a disease or condition was not properly identified by the model. For example, if you have a type 2 error when classifying cancer through images, that patient has not been properly diagnosed and is suffering without properly being informed. Therefore, I intend to rotate in her laboratory in the winter quarter due to these interesting applications in digital sensing but want to get more training in statistics & high-performance computing (HPC) before entering. On top of getting to speak to Professor Bruna, I also met with her students which helped me get a gauge of what life would be like at UCLA. They were all kind and shared their experiences and I was happy to hear that many of them retained a good work-life balance even at such an elite institution.

To end the day I went to thank Dr. Akos Rudas, my postdoc who mentored me during the summer, but he, unfortunately, had to leave early to go pick up his kid. However, all was not lost since I ran into Johnson Chen, our other mentor, and Prateek and Aakarsh. Prateek, Aakarsh, Noelle, and Michelle were in the Sriram lab at the time and we shared a space with them to form the *Jeffram* (Jeff + Sriram) Lab. I had a lot of good memories spent in that laboratory and I was happy to see the two of them who were twins. I briefly caught up with them to hear some sad news that they would be splitting up in the summer. With twins, I am always so curious if they are always taken as pairs, but it turns out that sometimes only one of the twins gets an internship and such. However, they were both in good spirits and I was glad I ran into them while passing by the lab.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/13.JPG" caption="Prateek & Aakarsh haven't changed one bit XD" %}

After a long day of meetings at UCLA, I met up with Osagie and while we were chilling, we were asked to join in on a game of volleyball with some strangers. That day was one of the few days we got the actual sun, so it was nice to get to do something physical before it would be cloudy again. Once we concluded our time at UCLA, we headed back to El Segundo where we would go celebrate St. Patrick's Day. We met up with some of Ben's old-time friends, and they were the living three stooges. They were so silly that it was hard not to laugh at them. At the bar, we also got to witness a bagpipe performance and it felt very festive all around. My night continued after the bar where I would join Ben and his friends at yet another bar where we would continue our celebrating. I am not sure why St. Patrick's day is celebrated so much but it is one of the premiere holidays for college students and young adults. One of the upsides but also downsides about going out with Ben was that he would hook me up with drinks but in return, I would have to face the consequences of a deathly hangover. So at these bars, I was completely out of it. However, we ended our night getting Subway which brought me back to life before we called it the end of the second day in Los Angeles.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/19.jpg" caption="Bag Pipe Performance" %}

---

#### Day 6: San Diego

On our sixth day, our plan was to trek down to San Diego. In our original plan we were going to stay the night in SD but feared the 9-13 hour drive home so we decided to just make it just a day trip. That morning we left early to go meet up with our mutual friend Karthik. Karthik is by far one of the most intelligent people I know and I have long been meaning to see him. Throughout his past quarter, we almost met up in Boston when he was interviewing with THE Harvard University. Therefore Osagie and I made the trip down to see him where we went to THE taco stand. Not just any taco stand but THE taco stand. I remember when we were arranging our lunch plans, we initially thought we were going to some random taco stand near La Jolla, but if it wasn't clear already, we went to a place called THE taco stand. San Diego is allegedly known for its tacos and I ended up trying 5 different tacos at THE taco stand: Carne Asada, El Pastor, Grilled Pescado, Camarón Picante, & their store taco. After a delicious lunch, we ended up walking around La Jolla, catching up on life and the future before later departing from Karthik and UCSD. Karthik is likely to be attending Weill Cornell, and I would be happy to see him anytime in New York City.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/14.JPG" caption="Karthik, Osagie & I @ La Jolla" %}

Now that we have hit the most southern point of the trip, it was only up from here. On our drive up, we first stopped by Carlsbad, California, where I would meet up with some old old friends. I am talking about my freshman year of college. In this pitstop, we would be meeting with Adam (from San Diego) and Caitlin, who I used to party with frequently in my first year of college. I had not seen both since then and this was a very last-minute plan on our drive up. We met up at a bar called the crackheads where we would catch up on life since we all went our separate ways nearly 3 years ago. The beauty of seeing old friends was the amount of growth that we all have gone through since our naive freshman year days. Though I miss partying with both of them, I was happy to hear that Adam was finishing up his degree in Computer Science, and Caitlin was beginning her career at Johnson & Johnson as a medical devices assistant. Though it was a very brief stop, it was truly good to see them both.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/15.JPG" caption="Adam, Caitlin & I @ Crackheads" %}

In the last part of our day, we returned to El Segundo, where we would stay with Ben for one last night. Osagie and I were both freakishly tired but it was a Saturday night... While Osagie made the wise decision to rest up for our long drive home, I decided to go out with Ben one last night. I met Ben at the Richmond bar and we all went wild for our last night. Ben and his friends kept buying me drinks because it was my last night which was a blessing and a curse. That night I hung out a lot with Ben's friend Raquel who I had previously played Catan with and we got along really well. We talked about our lives together while being super hammered and enjoyed each others company for the whole night. All of Ben's friends were truly kind and welcoming people and I am truly jealous of the little friend group they got going in El Segundo. I wished them all farewell that night with intentions to come to visit once I move to Los Angeles. All I have got to say is thank you to Ben, his friends, and El Segundo for hosting the two of us for three eventful days.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/16.JPG" caption="Benjamin & I having a good ol' time" %}

---

#### Day 7 & Conclusion: Drive Back Home

On our last day, we zoomed back to the bay area early in the morning through some pretty brutal weather conditions. We made a pitstop early in the drive and the car doors nearly broke due to the extreme winds in the valleys. I was pretty scared for my life and our trek back home but we ended up making it back pretty early. We first arrived back to Walnut Creek where Osagie would break off to do some work, and I would meet up with my long-time elementary school friend Freddie whom I have known since the 1st grade. I took advantage of Osagie's missing presence by enjoying some Boudin Clam Chowder because Osagie does not eat seafood...

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/clam.JPG" caption="Freddy & I enjoying some clam chowder *chefs kiss" %}

We would later meet up with one of my old housemates Seth & Kate where we would grab ramen. I had not seen Seth & Kate for nearly 2 years and it was great to catch up with them both. For a very long time Seth & Kate were "not" dating and turned down the rumors for the three plus years I've known him. I was astonished and happy to hear during our dinner that they were indeed dating now after years of speculation. In another note, Seth was by far one of the funniest housemates I had in college, and it was good to see him thriving in his job. He was always a genius and we talked anime, life, and his desire to move to Socal in the coming years. So I look forward to reuiniting with Seth again real soon.

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/17.JPG" caption="Kate, Seth & the group enjoying ramen in Oakland " %}

After saying farewell to Seth, we made our last stop to Pleasanton where we would meet up with Noah Lawrence, my dear friend. Like every other person on this trip, I had met Noah (and Seth) my freshman year while we were joining the fraternity, but Noah had a lasting impact on my demeanor. Everyone used to call him the "buddy" because he always had a positive energy and a good attitude towards everything regardless of the situation. As a pessimistic 18-year-old, constantly being around Noah helped change my perspective in life. He saw me in my darkest days and was always there to support me no matter the situation. We also used to be gym buddies during Covid and worked out together consistently in that isolating time. We ended up meeting up with Noah pretty late at roughly 11 pm because his current job was having him work extreme hours from 4 am - 10 pm. Together, we all caught up as usual, but then we shifted our attention towards autostereograms, which are 2d repeating sequences that can portray 3d illusions. 

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/frog.JPG" caption="Autostereogram: Can you see the Bunny???" %}

My next blog will likely be about the science behind autostereograms but all I can say now is how truly fascinating our sight is and can be. To me, this is the definition of magic and I can't wait to share and show this to everyone in Boston. We called the night at roughly 1 am with an early start the next morning at 4:30 am. So the next morning we got up really early to go return the rental car which had an awful return time before 6 am. We made it with plenty of time to spare and this concluded our road trip. I said my goodbyes to Osagie, and I was really grateful that he had such a brilliant idea that made this all possible. This was the end for my trip down memory lane

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/18.JPG" caption="Noah the Buddy & I staying up way too late" %}

To close, I just wanted to say how great it was to see everyone on this trip. Friends come and go in our lives but networking has truly shown its value on this trip. I used to hate moving on because it meant you had to say goodbye but I think a good friendship really is a forever thing. So although everyone wasn't frequently in my life, I knew that these people would be there with and for me whenever needed. I had a blast literally going through memory lane with friends from elementary all the way through my college days. So to all that I saw, thank you so much for spending time with the both of us and for all the memories I deeply cherish with each individual person. I hope to see you all soon and I wish you all well. With that said, this concludes this lengthy blog post. Thanks for reading :)

{% include figure image_path="/images/rt/20.JPG" caption="Completely Out of Energy on our way out of San Francisco" %}

### 2. Miami & Orlando

My second trip, which took place in March, was to Miami, Florida, in celebration of my acceptance into a Ph.D. program. After a somewhat disappointing experience with California's weather, it felt fitting to visit a place that was guaranteed to be hot: the sunshine state itself, Florida. Miami has always been at the top of the list for must-visit destinations in the United States, known for its vibrant atmosphere, stunning beaches, and diverse cultural scene. With its year-round tropical climate, Miami offers a paradise-like setting where both visitors and residents can indulge in a fusion of Latin American and Caribbean influences. From the iconic Art Deco architecture of South Beach to the lively nightlife of Downtown Miami, the city exudes a contagious energy and excitement. In addition to its renowned beach culture, Miami thrives as a hub for art, music, and culinary experiences, attracting artists, celebrities, and food enthusiasts from around the globe. Whether you're leisurely strolling along the vibrant streets of Little Havana, exploring the trendy neighborhoods of Wynwood and Brickell, or basking in the sun on the pristine sands of Miami Beach, this cosmopolitan city embodies a unique blend of luxury, cultural diversity, and limitless entertainment options.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/2.JPG" caption="Miami Vice" %}

So, in the beginning of March, I flew down to Miami to enjoy a weekend basking in the sun. Typically, when I travel, I have a tendency to underestimate distances, and this was one of the first challenges I encountered as I realized I was miles away from the Airbnb where I would be staying. With little knowledge of the city's layout, I mistakenly believed that everywhere within a 3-mile radius was considered Miami. Unfortunately, I had a 2-hour bus ride north ahead of me, as I was actually far from where all the lively action happens. Nonetheless, my first impression of Miami matched what I had seen on TV shows. On my first night, I had dinner in Brickell, which is the city's financial district. Everywhere I looked, I was surrounded by stunning Latina women and attractive men ready for the beach. It felt surreal to be in such an environment. I went to a nice seafood restaurant where I enjoyed a Miami native fish (Cobia? Red Snapper?). As an Asian person, I felt somewhat out of place amidst this city's vibe. I wasn't rich, didn't have a perfect body, and didn't fit the stereotypical image, so it made for a quiet dinner. However, it's worth mentioning the beach attire that seems to exist year-round in Florida. I remember arriving at night to nearly 90-degree weather and high humidity, while Boston was experiencing freezing temperatures. It's truly remarkable how different the world can be within just a few hours of flying. I concluded my night with a two-hour bus ride north, arriving adjacent to the northernmost point of South Beach.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/3.JPG" caption="Eating Seafood in Brickell" %}

The next day, I decided to explore South Beach and Wynwood. In the morning, I headed to South Beach, as I had heard about its infamous social scene and beautiful beaches. True to its reputation, South Beach was filled with gorgeous women, muscular men, and many college students. Visiting during spring break, it seemed like everywhere I looked, groups of people were enjoying their time off. The atmosphere in South Beach is electric, with a vibrant energy that envelopes the lively streets and stunning beaches. As soon as you step onto Ocean Drive, the heart of South Beach, you're greeted by the iconic Art Deco buildings adorned in vibrant pastel colors, creating a glamorous backdrop for the bustling scene. The streets are lined with trendy restaurants, lively bars, and chic boutiques, fostering a pulsating social environment that keeps the party going well into the early hours of the morning. The beach itself is a paradise for sun worshippers and water enthusiasts, boasting pristine white sands and crystal-clear turquoise waters.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/4.JPG" caption="South Beach" %}

After basking in the sun for a few hours, I made my way back to Wynwood, another notable destination in Miami. Located in Miami, Florida, Wynwood is a thriving neighborhood that has evolved into a vibrant hub for art, creativity, and cultural expression. What was once an industrial area has been transformed into a dynamic arts district, drawing visitors from all corners of the globe. Wynwood is renowned for its captivating street art, with striking murals adorning the buildings throughout the neighborhood. Artists from diverse backgrounds have left their mark, creating an outdoor gallery that showcases an array of styles and themes. As you stroll through the streets of Wynwood, you'll encounter an eclectic and lively atmosphere, with artistic expression at every turn. The neighborhood's unique charm extends beyond its walls, as you'll find vibrant cafes, craft breweries, and trendy restaurants that offer a fusion of flavors and experiences. The community in Wynwood thrives on creativity, often hosting art events, live performances, and cultural festivals that add to its energetic ambiance. Whether you're an art enthusiast, a food lover, or simply seeking an unforgettable experience, Wynwood provides a vibrant and immersive environment that celebrates the power of art and the spirit of innovation.

To conclude my second day, I ventured to the Fashion District of Miami, enticed by a highly acclaimed Michelin-starred Korean restaurant. As someone who had only dined at one Michelin-starred ramen shop in San Francisco, I wanted to celebrate this special occasion with exceptional cuisine. However, my experience mirrored that of many places in downtown Miami, as the Fashion District was no exception. The Fashion District of Miami is a stylish and dynamic neighborhood that serves as a nexus for fashion, design, and creativity. Nestled in downtown Miami, this district captivates fashion enthusiasts, trendsetters, and those seeking unique shopping experiences. The area boasts an array of high-end fashion stores and showrooms, showcasing the latest trends and designs from renowned and emerging designers alike. From luxury brands to independent designers, the Fashion District offers diverse shopping options that cater to Miami's luxurious style. After perusing the area for an hour or so, I received a notification that my table was ready at COTE Miami, where I indulged in the Butcher's Feast, featuring USDA Prime & American Wagyu Beef, accompanied by a variety of traditional Korean side dishes. While the dining experience was unlike anything I had ever encountered, I found myself somewhat disappointed by the food. Although the flavors were enjoyable, it was difficult to discern substantial differences between this Michelin-starred restaurant and a typical Korean eatery. Despite the high-quality ingredients used, the similarity in taste left a slightly bitter aftertaste, especially considering the steep price of the meal. While it wasn't a negative experience, it made me realize that fine dining may not align with my personal preferences.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/6.JPG" caption="COTE Miami Fine Dining Korean Food" %}

On my last day in Miami, I embarked on another must-do activity, exploring the captivating Everglades that Florida has to offer. When I think of Florida, two things typically come to mind: messy politics and alligators. So, steering clear of politics, I eagerly joined a tour bus to get up close with these reptilian inhabitants. The Florida Everglades, located in the southern part of the state, is a vast and unique natural ecosystem. Encompassing marshes, wetlands, prairies, and forests, it creates an unparalleled wilderness that is unlike any other in the world. Spanning approximately 1.5 million acres, the Everglades serves as a sanctuary for a diverse range of wildlife, including endangered and threatened species. It is home to iconic animals such as the American alligator, Florida panther, West Indian manatee, and various bird species, including the stunning roseate spoonbill. The Everglades is renowned for its intricate network of waterways, consisting of slow-moving rivers and interconnected marshes that form a complex ecosystem. These waterways are fed by the famous "River of Grass," a shallow, meandering sheet of water that flows southward. This unique and fragile ecosystem supports a rich diversity of plant and animal life. Exploring the Everglades offers visitors an opportunity to immerse themselves in the breathtaking beauty and tranquility of nature. During our tour, we were fortunate enough to glide across the marshes on airboats, providing us with a firsthand glimpse of the splendor of this natural wonder. While the Everglades showcases the untouched beauty of nature, it also faces significant environmental challenges and ongoing preservation efforts. Human activities, such as water diversion and pollution, have impacted the delicate balance of this unique ecosystem. As a result, it is imperative to continue conservation initiatives to protect this invaluable natural treasure and ensure its long-term survival. Although our objective was to spot alligators during the airboat ride, luck was not on our side as we were unable to see any. Nonetheless, the engineering marvel of the airboats and the exhilarating experience of gliding through the marshes purely powered by wind made for a fascinating adventure. We even picked up some speed at times, unintentionally brushing against the plants. While we didn't witness the alligators we hoped for, it was still a memorable experience worth cherishing.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/5.JPG" caption="Airboat on the Everglades" %}

That night, I had planned to attend my second NBA basketball game, witnessing a battle between two famous franchises. The Miami Heat and the New York Knicks have maintained a longstanding rivalry since the 1990s, and I was eager to witness this showdown. Unfortunately, my experiences watching NBA games live have been limited to cities where tickets are exorbitantly expensive due to the teams' success. My first NBA experience was in Boston, where ticket prices were outrageously high. Miami was no exception. However, we were fortunate that the game turned out to be highly entertaining, with no clear winner for the majority of the match. In fact, the game concluded with a Julius Randle masterclass, as he scored 40 points and hit a game-winning buzzer-beater. While it was a disappointing outcome for Miami fans, I was thrilled by the overall value and excitement of witnessing such a captivating game live.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/7.JPG" caption="Miami Heat vs. New York Knicks Game" %}

The next day marked my final day in Florida, bidding farewell to Miami. Overall, it was a fun experience, but I had no immediate plans to return unless it was for another spring break trip with friends. Unfortunately, the morning was a hassle as my flight got cancelled on the way to the airport, forcing me to Uber nearly an hour to another airport in Miami. Luckily, I met Hugo, who kindly took me around Little Havana, brightening up my day. You can read more about his kindness and story [here](https://simonlee711.github.io/blogging/cost-kindness/). Once I reached the airport, my next destination was Orlando to visit Tiffanie Crumbie, a positive friend I had met at UCLA the previous summer. Since I was in the area, I wanted to make the effort to see her. However, lacking research, commuting in Orlando proved challenging as there was little in between destinations. I had to take a bus for nearly two hours through the empty city to reach Tiffanie's college campus. On a positive note, Orlando was featured in one of my favorite anime series, JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stone Ocean, so it felt cool to be in the same location as the show. Once I arrived at her campus, which is also home to NBA legend Tacko Fall, we headed to Universal Studios City Walk to grab food and experience Orlando's vibrant amusement park scene.

Upon arriving at Universal City Walk, I was surprised by the bustling atmosphere. Orlando is renowned for its theme parks, entertainment, and family-friendly attractions, leaving little wonder why it was so busy. We explored the City Walk, similar to Downtown Disney, trying different foods, desserts, and browsing through various themed shops in the area. Although we didn't enter Universal Studios itself, there was still plenty to see in this micro city, including the iconic Universal globe. We caught up on life since the summer and then went to play some Topgolf. For those unfamiliar, Topgolf is a unique and innovative entertainment venue that combines golf with a social and interactive experience. It features climate-controlled hitting bays, state-of-the-art technology, and a variety of games and challenges suitable for both golfers and non-golfers, making it a popular destination for enjoying drinks and hitting golf balls. Despite having no prior golfing experience aside from mini-golf, we quickly picked up the swing and started launching golf balls nearly 400 feet into the distance. This activity was particularly enjoyable as a stress reliever, although I wasn't stressed at all. Overall, I had a blast, even though we each paid $75 for the Topgolf experience. With this final activity, my trip to Florida came to a close, and I headed back to the airport to sleep on one of my favorite hotel chains worldwide—the airport floor. Sleeping at airports had become so familiar to me over the past year that I felt right at home in Orlando. As I dreamt that night, I reminisced about all the wonderful memories I made on this little Florida getaway. I look forward to visiting again someday and am grateful for the opportunity to explore such a unique and distinctly different state.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/1.JPG" caption="Tiffanie & I Top Golfing" %}

### 3. Toronto

For the final trip of the month, I had plans to visit Toronto, Canada, to meet another friend from the summer, Ali Mobedi, in his city. Canada had always been on my travel list, and I was excited to explore this side of North America. Although Toronto's cold weather contradicted my desire to escape winter, the opportunity to visit Drake's city, a.k.a the 6ix, was too enticing to pass up. Toronto, Canada's largest city, is a vibrant and multicultural metropolis renowned for its diverse neighborhoods, iconic skyline, and thriving arts and cultural scene. With its world-class museums, bustling markets, and eclectic culinary offerings, Toronto offers a fusion of cosmopolitan energy and natural beauty, including the picturesque Toronto Islands and the scenic waterfront. Exploring the historic Distillery District and catching a game at the famous Rogers Centre are just a few of the many experiences that captivate both locals and visitors alike. When I arrived in Toronto, there was a slight mix-up with Ali picking me up at the airport due to poor communication. As a result, we ended up at different airports initially. Being unfamiliar with navigating Canada, I patiently waited in the city. In addition to feeling lost, I vividly remember having a work meeting scheduled but was unsure if I would have stable internet connection, causing some panic. A few hours later, Ali arrived to pick me up, and we rushed to a Tim Horton's, also known as "Timmy's," so I could attend my meeting. Tim Horton's became a frequent stop during my trip, serving as Canada's version of a coffee shop with a Canadian twist, offering not only coffee but also burgers and food.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/10.JPG" caption="CN Tower" %}

After our meeting, we boarded a bus and headed towards Hamilton, Canada, where Ali was staying and attending McMaster University. Hamilton, located in the province of Ontario, is a city with a rich industrial history and a growing cultural scene. Situated between Lake Ontario and the stunning Niagara Escarpment, Hamilton offers a unique blend of urban amenities and natural beauty. Known as the "City of Waterfalls," it boasts over 100 picturesque waterfalls, including the magnificent Webster's Falls and iconic Albion Falls. Hamilton also embraces the arts with vibrant galleries, museums, and a thriving music and theater scene. Venues like Hamilton Place and the Art Gallery of Hamilton showcase a diverse range of artistic expressions. The revitalized downtown area offers a relaxed nightlife, while historic neighborhoods like Westdale and Dundas captivate with their tree-lined streets and well-preserved architecture. Whether exploring the Royal Botanical Gardens, hiking along the Bruce Trail, or immersing oneself in the renowned Hamilton Fringe Festival, the city offers a captivating blend of natural wonders and cultural experiences. During my visit to Hamilton, Ali gave me a tour of his alma mater, McMaster University, and it became apparent how distinct colleges can be from one another. The vintage architecture of McMaster evoked a Harry Potter-esque atmosphere, with classrooms reminiscent of Hogwarts. If I recall correctly, Ali mentioned that McMaster is one of the oldest universities in Canada, dating back to the late 1800s. After exploring the campus, we ventured downtown, where we enjoyed a night at a bar, catching up on life and concluding our evening with a Canadian Club. And yes, the rumors are true – it was an entirely different experience compared to the bars in Miami...

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/9.JPG" caption="Ali & I after a Night Out" %}

The next day, we woke up relatively early and made our way to Toronto to explore the city. Despite the towering buildings that surround you, Toronto surprisingly didn't offer as many attractions as expected. Most of the tall structures turned out to be residential complexes, allowing us to easily cover the entire city in just one day. However, our first stop was the renowned CN Tower, Toronto's most iconic landmark. It had become somewhat of a tradition for me to ascend these towering structures in every city I visit, including the Eiffel Tower, Tokyo Skytree, and Empire State Building over the past year. Upon reaching the top, the view of Toronto was nothing short of majestic. Observing the city from a bird's eye perspective emphasized the intricate details unfolding in every moment. It made me realize how each individual is engrossed in their own lives, showcasing the vastness of our world. From the top of the CN Tower, Ali pointed out various landmarks such as the city hall, the Toronto Blue Jays Stadium, the Toronto Raptors Stadium, and the University of Toronto, among others. Once we descended back to ground level, we ventured out for lunch and stumbled upon a beef patty that I had seen in a Worth It episode on YouTube. It was a delightful experience to witness something from a video come to life, and I was pleased with my decision to give it a try.

<br>

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/f4EXpaZYzt8&t" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


<br>

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/11.JPG" caption="Beef Patty" %}

After lunch, we headed to the University of Toronto to explore the prestigious institution and meet up with Ali's younger brother and friends for a friendly game of ping pong and billiards. Seeing students on campus always evokes a sense of nostalgia and camaraderie, reminding me of my own school days. It was a pleasure to join their company and engage in some friendly competition. We continued to wander the streets of Toronto before making our way to Toronto Island, which provided the most stunning skyline view of the city. However, the cold weather began to take its toll, dampening my enthusiasm for further exploration. Once we admired the Toronto skyline, we promptly returned to the city and ventured into the underground pathway system. Canada's frigid winters prompted engineers to create an impressive underground passageway that seamlessly connects various parts of Toronto. It offered a sense of relief as we could easily access tourist attractions while quickly retreating back into the warmth of the underground. After a long day of exploration, we headed home and called it a day.

The following morning, we embarked on yet another busy day as we set out to explore Niagara Falls, a shared landmark between the USA and Canada. It is often said that witnessing the falls from the Canadian side offers a more picturesque view, and I can confirm that it was absolutely true. Upon arriving in the city of Niagara, Ali introduced me to some of Canada's local delicacies, starting with Canadian poutine. This delectable dish features crispy French fries topped with cheese curds and smothered in rich gravy. Although Canada may not be widely known for its local cuisine, I was pleasantly surprised to discover the invention of poutine. Despite its simplicity, the combination of flavors made it a truly satisfying treat. After lunch, Ali treated me to another local Canadian dessert known as the Beaver Tail. This delicious dessert is made from fried dough stretched into the shape of a beaver's tail and is topped with various sweet toppings such as cinnamon sugar, chocolate, or maple syrup. It was reminiscent of American-style desserts, indulgent and flavorful.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/13.JPG" caption="Poutine" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/14.JPG" caption="Beavertail" %}

After our mini food tour, we embarked on the Niagara Falls cruise to witness the waterfall up close. This exhilarating boat ride takes passengers into the misty waters, providing a thrilling experience as they get drenched by the spray and marvel at the sheer power and beauty of the cascading waterfalls. It was a moment of nostalgia for me, as my parents had sent me a picture of myself riding this boat when I was just a toddler, and now, almost two decades later, I was reliving the experience. Apart from the majestic waterfall, I was particularly excited to receive one of those iconic ponchos as we ventured into the splash zone. The boat ride exceeded expectations as we all got thoroughly soaked, although in hindsight, it became a bit of a challenge given the chilly weather in Canada. We quickly boarded the bus and headed to our final two stops, which included wine and maple syrup tastings. These experiences marked the conclusion of my trip to Toronto, and I cherished the opportunity to explore this diverse city.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/15.JPG" caption="Niagara Falls (2003)" %}
{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/8.JPG" caption="Niagara Falls (2023)" %}

To wrap up this months highlights, I thank all my friends that I was able to meet in the month of March for showing me their homes and for showing hospitality to me. I am very fortunate to be able to travel to all these incredible places and truth is I never want to stop.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/march2023/12.JPG" caption="Toronto" %}

# One thing I learned this Month

Not alot of learning but a whole lot of traveling this month.

# Quote of the Month

“I haven’t been everywhere, but it’s on my list.” – Susan Sontag

### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com