---
title: "The May Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

In the month of May, as the days stretch longer and nature bursts forth in vibrant hues, the bittersweet art of saying goodbye takes center stage. It's a paradoxical act, laden with both the weight of endings and the promise of new beginnings. Bid farewell to a chapter of life, and you relinquish the comfort of familiarity, the shared laughter, and the countless memories etched into the tapestry of time. The ache of separation can be profound, like a melody cut short, leaving behind an echo of unfinished verses. Yet, amidst the sadness, there's an unexpected beauty. Goodbyes remind us of the depth of connections forged, of the heart's capacity to feel deeply. As we part ways, we are nudged to reflect on growth, to cherish the lessons learned and the laughter shared. Goodbyes, though often tinged with sorrow, paint the canvas of our lives with hues of resilience and hope, whispering that in every ending lies the seed of a new beginning.

But why? Just last month, we talked about how I formed a great group of friends at Harvard. So, why did I want to leave? Back in February, I mentioned getting my one and only Ph.D. acceptance. It was a surprising moment for me. Now, in May, I felt sure that my time working was almost over. To be honest, I wasn't really enjoying working yet. I'm only 21, and working full-time didn't feel right to me. The industry's expectations didn't match with what I had hoped for. During my time in Boston, I often found myself thinking about what the next several years of my life would be like. I wondered if the usual 9-5 routine was all there was. I felt stuck. Even though I was getting used to being an adult, I still felt a bit out of place with my friends from school. It was like I missed being in school and the special camaraderie of a university. The word "college" never felt significant to me because I think I missed out on the real experience due to Covid. While the introspection was helpful, it also made me realize that I missed out on what should have been some of the best years of my life (My last year was probably my one only amazing year of college <\3). Spending time with these wonderful people made me realize that I wanted that feeling of connection, but in a way that was true to me. So, I'm happy to share that I'll be going back to UCLA for my Ph.D. this fall.

With that said, I can admit that I don't really want to fully grow up just yet. There's more out there for me to explore before I settle into a long-term job. By going to graduate school again, I hope to find something that will always keep me curious. During my extended time in grad school, I'm searching for a career goal that will last a lifetime. Overall, I have no regrets about my time in Boston. It helped me grow and taught me important lessons that might prevent a midlife crisis later down the line. So, to the city of Boston, I'm truly thankful for letting me call it home, but it's time for me to move on. Once again, I leave this city knowing I've grown in many ways, and I hope my decision will lead me to exactly what I'm looking for when I return to the City of Stars, also known as Los Angeles.

# Top Three Highlights of the Month

### 1. Saying Goodbye

Saying goodbye is a bittersweet act that carries both positive and negative implications. On the positive side, bidding farewell can be a powerful catalyst for personal growth and new beginnings. When we say goodbye, we often step out of our comfort zones and embrace change, opening doors to fresh experiences and opportunities. It encourages us to confront challenges head-on, fostering resilience and adaptability. Moreover, saying goodbye allows us to create lasting memories and connections. The act of parting can deepen our appreciation for the moments and relationships we've cherished, leaving us with a sense of nostalgia and gratitude. Ultimately, saying goodbye serves as a reminder that life is a dynamic journey, and each farewell marks a chapter's end while paving the way for the next exciting adventure.

However, bidding adieu also carries its downsides. One of the notable drawbacks is the emotional toll it can take on individuals. Saying goodbye often entails leaving behind loved ones, whether they are friends, family, or colleagues. The ensuing sense of loss and separation can lead to feelings of sadness, loneliness, and even anxiety. Additionally, goodbyes can create a sense of uncertainty about the future, especially when departing from a familiar environment. The prospect of entering the unknown can be daunting and unsettling, evoking apprehension and doubt. Furthermore, goodbyes can sometimes trigger a sense of nostalgia, causing us to dwell on past experiences and miss the moments we've left behind. In this way, while goodbyes can signify growth and change, they can also evoke challenging emotions and uncertainties.

But out of my own happiness, I don't think this was where I am supposed to be now. I am grateful for the opportunties life has given me, but it just didn't feel right. And the feelings I felt this month seem so hypocritical knowing that the one thing I wanted most was stability in the year 2023. Since I graduated college, and throughout my journies across both Europe and the East coast, I realized that there was constant change constantly occuring in my life. I openly admit that I never give myself stability possibly out of the fear of getting to comfortable. But by signing my life for the next 5 or so years in LA, I think I will first off find a place to call home, and will finally get this stability that I have sought after for so long. 

I think it helped me make this decision knowing that Harvards semester was also coming to a close. To all the friends I made at Harvard - Camilla, Melanie, Anna, Van, Giselle, Carlo, & Jess- I am really grateful. To say I have a small community of friends at Harvard was sort of the most random side quest I have ever been on. But I was happy to be an honorary Harvard member in the past two months I had spent with all of you. The personal background stories, the intellect, and the aspirations were truly one of a kind, and it makes sense that all of you are at the Number 1 university in the world. Goodbyes are really hard, but its a feeling I have gotten used to at this point. Having to constantly say goodbye has felt numb in a way, but I will always cherish the memories that we shared together. But on the otherside, I am happy knowing that I can continue to expand my lucrative network and always have a group of friends I can go to on the East coast. 

This month two goodbyes hit hard though. Both Jess and Lauren were two of my great friends in Boston that I spent significant time with. I shared a lot of my vulnerable thoughts with the each of them, and how my life doesn't feel real. While life has been fun constantly exploring new places and meeting new people, I think I hardly mention how hard it is to leave good friends in your life. Though these relationships do last a lifetime, proximity plays such a big role in maintaining strong relationships. But the reason these two hit a little harder was because we all shed a tear in our goodbyes to one another. Jess accepted me for who I was in a time of confusion and I really appreciated her kindness and affirmations she always shared with me. And I will miss Lauren just as much because she was my first friend from Boston. Though we were at drastically different levels in life, she taught me and brought me many opportunities to embrace being young and having fun. From going out to AYCE Sushi, to the many club nights we had around Boston, I was going to miss these two a lot. 

However goodbyes like stated in the intro, mark the beginning of brand new chapters. It isn't always that we get fresh restarts in life, but I had already gotten two in the span of one year. To say I am excited is an understatement. Being back in LA is an experience like no other. Though I don't see it as a forever home, it was going to be home for the forseeable future. It's such a funny word for me, because I don't really know what home means to me. Whether its a place or the people, I guess there are still many things to discover in my next journey. Regardless, I look forward to this last pit stop of education. I have plenty of goals set already on a personal and academic level and I am truly blessed to get this opportunity. So I'm going to leave it on a highnote and say bring it on again LA! 

{% include figure image_path="/images/2023/m6.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Farewell Party" %}

### 2. Julie & Appreciating Yourself

The second highlight of the month revolved around forming a new friendship in Boston – Julie Wang. Although our acquaintance was relatively short, Julie imparted a valuable lesson in the month of May. Before delving into that, let's set the stage by introducing her. Julie, a student at Tufts University, was pursuing a double major in CS and Mathematics and had an exceptional pride in her home state of New Jersey. (I've never met someone so passionate about New Jersey!) As usual, our connection was made through Hinge, a fact that won't come as a surprise given my knack for unconventional friend-making. Given the timing – her semester ending and my Boston stint winding down – we commenced and concluded our friendship in a relatively short time. But, Julie's vibrant character made interacting with her truly enjoyable. Despite her boundless energy, she also possessed a gentle demeanor, making her a great listener and a delightful presence overall.

One of my cherished anecdotes involving Julie traces back to our first meeting. On a rather late night, we rendezvoused at Tufts and decided to explore Davis Square, renowned for its top notch food. There was, however, a major hitch – it was around 10:30 pm when we had met, and most restaurants were shuttered. However, lucky for us, in the heart of the square, we found a cozy spot to converse, but what stood out was our plan to have ice cream afterwards. This seemingly ordinary plan took an extraordinary twist due to Julie's lactose intolerance. Nonetheless, she shared her mission of training her digestive system to handle dairy, even against the odds. This tale epitomizes her ambitious spirit, a trait that colored our time together with boundless fun.

Yet, what resonated with me the most about Julie was her outlook on life. I can't recall exactly how the conversation unfolded, but her light-heartedness was coupled with profound insights. She eloquently taught me the significance of self-appreciation, regardless of external circumstances. This notion struck a chord, as I realized that I hadn't truly valued myself despite my reflective nature. Julie recounted her own journey of embracing her achievements, even in a field she didn't entirely love. Her perspective was eye-opening, as she acknowledged her accomplishments within a predominantly male-dominated field and the privilege of her education. These conversations with Julie were a poignant reminder to appreciate oneself amidst life's challenges.

Julie embodied the essence of a well-rounded life. Like my own final year of college, she effortlessly blended hard work with ample fun, a balance that was inspiring. Her ability to sustain this equilibrium throughout her college years left a lasting impression on me. This brings us to the question of why striking this balance is crucial?

To me, striking a balance between hard work and having fun is a fundamental aspect of leading a fulfilling and meaningful life. Working hard provides us with the means to achieve our goals, pursue our passions, and secure our future. It cultivates discipline, resilience, and a sense of accomplishment that boosts our self-esteem. Dedication to our work enables us to develop our skills and expertise, fostering personal and professional growth. It often leads to greater opportunities, recognition, and a sense of purpose.

However, an excessive focus on work can lead to burnout and a diminished quality of life. This is where the importance of having just as much fun comes into play. Engaging in enjoyable activities, hobbies, and spending time with loved ones helps alleviate stress, recharge our energy, and promote overall well-being. Fun and leisure activities enable us to explore our interests, tap into our creativity, and embrace spontaneity. They provide a necessary break from the demands of work, allowing us to relax and rejuvenate. Moreover, having fun enhances our interpersonal relationships, fostering stronger connections with friends, family, and colleagues.

Balancing hard work with fun is a recipe for holistic success. It allows us to maintain a healthy lifestyle, both physically and mentally. By incorporating enjoyable experiences into our routine, we create a more vibrant and enriching life. Striking this equilibrium enables us to derive satisfaction from our achievements while relishing the simple joys and experiences that make life truly worth living. In essence, working hard but also making time for fun ensures that we are not only successful in our endeavors but also content and fulfilled in our daily existence.

Finding this balance has proven challenging during my time in Boston. There were instances when I questioned my mental well-being and felt a shortage of enjoyable moments. Lately, I've been grappling with a sense of unfulfillment at work and an excess of leisure activities. However, pinpointing that ideal equilibrium for my current life stage seems like an enduring challenge, so I've attempted not to dwell on it too much. Nevertheless, I was happy to cross paths with Julie who taught me the importance of appreciating myself and by finding the simple joys amidst hard work.

{% include figure image_path="/images/2023/m2.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="The one and only Julie Wang" %}

### 3. NBA Playoffs Live From Boston

The last highlight of the month dives into the rich history of sports culture in Boston. Boston sports hold a distinct and profound significance within the fabric of the city's culture and the hearts of its residents. Beyond the realm of athletic competition, these sports teams are emblematic of shared identity and community pride. The Red Sox, Patriots, Celtics, and Bruins aren't just franchises; they are the rallying points around which Bostonians unite, transcending social and economic barriers. The teams' successes and struggles are intertwined with the city's rich sports history, forming a narrative that reflects the resilience and spirit of Boston itself.

These sports have an uncanny ability to forge a sense of belonging and kinship among diverse groups of people. When the Red Sox clinched their historic World Series victory in 2004, ending an 86-year championship drought, it wasn't just a baseball triumph – it was a triumph for the city. The sports arenas become stages where stories of underdogs, perseverance, and triumph against all odds are played out, reflecting the very essence of Boston's character. The diehard loyalty of fans, braving the harshest winter winds to cheer on the Patriots or passionately chanting in unison at TD Garden, symbolizes a shared passion that transcends individual differences and reminds everyone that they are part of something bigger. Whether they're celebrating victories or commiserating losses, Boston sports bind people together in a unique and enduring way, underscoring the unity that lies at the heart of the city.

Therefore the Boston Celtics, a venerable powerhouse in the world of professional basketball, hold a special place in the heart of Boston's sports legacy. With a storied history dating back to 1946, the Celtics have woven themselves into the fabric of the city's identity. The team's iconic shamrock emblem is synonymous with basketball excellence and resonates as a symbol of Bostonian pride. The Celtics' rich tradition, marked by a remarkable 17 NBA championships, stands as a testament to their enduring commitment to success and the relentless pursuit of greatness. From legendary figures like Bill Russell and Larry Bird to the modern stars like Jayson Tatum & Jaylen Brown (former UC athlete) that grace the parquet floor of TD Garden, the Celtics' roster has been a showcase of talent, skill, and the indomitable Boston spirit. As fans fill the arena, their chants and cheers echo the team's history, forging an unbreakable bond between the players, the franchise, and the devoted city that stands behind them.

While the Celtics are a huge deal in the city of Boston, I had to admit that I was not a fan of this sports club. Coming from California, I was actually a Los Angeles Lakers fan, their biggest rivals. Therefore, I shared a sense of resentment for this franchise but could not make that public without possibly being jumped by their extreme fans. Regardless of my fandom, this month I had to pleasure to attend two separate playoff games at the infamous TD Garden - One for the semi-finals and One for the conference finals. Though I was rooting for the opposing team both times, it was a truly unique experience to be at the TD Garden. During last years playoffs, Superstar Kyrie Irving sends an explicitive message to Boston fans for really just being complete assholes to these athletes.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Kyrie flipping off Celtics fans after the jumper 😳 <a href="https://twitter.com/ComplexSports/status/1515803337630928897?lang=en">https://twitter.com/ComplexSports/status/1515803337630928897?lang=en</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/ComplexSports/status/1515803337630928897?lang=en">https://twitter.com/ComplexSports/status/1515803337630928897?lang=en</a></p>&mdash; Complex Sports (@ComplexSports) <a href=https://twitter.com/ComplexSports/status/1515803337630928897?lang=en>April 17, 2022</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

In the first game, I was able to attend it with Jess sort of as a goodbye treat. She also was a superfan of the Celtics, so it made it extra fun to have our literal banter ongoing. These infamous fans were in full effect because they would yell the most outlandish things from the nosebleeds. However, it didn't matter for the home team because the Philadelphia 76ers literally got whooped moments after their star player was awarded the Leagues MVP. So much for that... In the second game, I had scored last minute tickets to Game 1 of the the Eastern Conference Finals against the Miami Heat. The Miami vs. Boston rivalry stems back to the early 2000's where the Big 3 in KG, Paul Pierce, and Ray Allen would face the new and upcoming powerhouse of Lebron, Wade, and Bosh. Therefore this new iteration of the Boston vs. Miami, was an awakening of those rivarly days. However, things didn't really change all that much for Boston because they ended up getting whooped in that game 1 by the one and only Jimmy "Himmy" Butler (which I was happy about) who exploded for 35 points and eventually took that series. For the city of Boston, it was a huge blow because this team had just made it to the finals a year prior, but it was a happy day for me. However as a fan of the NBA, I was happy to experience my first ever playoffs experince and the live atmosphere of watching just good all around basketball.

# One thing I learned this Month

### The Value of Friendship

Friendship, is a cherished cornerstone of human connection, and it holds immeasurable value that transcends the bounds of time and circumstance to me. It is a tapestry woven with threads of trust, understanding, and shared experiences, creating a bond that can weather the storms of life and amplify its brightest moments. True friends offer a safe haven where authenticity thrives, where masks can be shed, and vulnerabilities embraced. In a world often marked by fleeting interactions, genuine friendships provide a sanctuary where one can be wholly oneself without fear of judgment. This acceptance nurtures personal growth and self-discovery, as friends serve as mirrors that reflect our truest selves, helping us to recognize strengths and address areas for improvement.

The value of friendship extends beyond the realm of emotional support, venturing into the realm of physical and mental well-being.  
But what I appreciate about friendship, is the source of enrichment, offering diverse perspectives that broaden horizons and challenge assumptions. Interacting with individuals from varied backgrounds, interests, and cultures fosters a deeper understanding of the world and its complexities. Friends introduce new experiences, ideas, and values, fostering personal growth and expanding one's view of the human tapestry. Moreover, the act of nurturing friendships cultivates empathy, compassion, and effective communication skills, all of which contribute to healthier interpersonal relationships in all spheres of life.

It is safe to say I have met a lot of great people this year, and with another round of goodbyes that were made this month, I just wanted to talk about how awesome it has been to cross paths with such incredible people. My dream after all is to one day invite all these people to my wedding, where no one really knows each other aside from one or two guests, but are somehow interconnected to me. Therefore, though it sucks to say goodbye, I'm happy with the continued friends I continue to make.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/may2023/1.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="The one and only Julie Wang" %}



# Quote of the Month

"I know it's strange, I left you when I promise to stay" - Warren Hue


### Contact

Simon Lee

simonlee711@gmail.com