---
title: "Three Anecdotes"
categories:
 - Blogging
tags:
 - Life
 - Morality
 - Emotion
---

This past week, I spent some time traveling to Miami & Orlando, Florida. During this time, I had one moment from the trip that really inspired today's blog post. Since there were not many ideas for other topics, I thought today I would share three anecdotes from my personal life that can probably teach everyone reading a lesson. A parable if you will. I think from the 21 years I have lived so far, I have realized that life is not fair, and it can be a cruel place sometimes. However I firmly believe that the way you interact and present yourself to others is what makes our world a beautiful place. Unfortunately kindness & people who will listen and are open to perspectives are truly a rarity in what I have found to be somewhat of a contentious environment. So I hope today's blog post reminds everyone to treat people the way you want to be treated.


---


# The Cost of Kindness


On my way out of Miami, I was on an uber heading towards Fort Lauderdale Airport which was roughly a 40 minute car ride from where I was staying. In the middle of this uber ride, I checked my email like any other normal day in my life. When the refresh had completed, I had noticed I had gotten an email from the airlines I was about to depart with. After clicking on the email, I was disappointed that my flight had been canceled. This was very problematic because I had to get to Orlando somehow as I would be departing from there to get back home to Boston. Another small dilemma I had was whether to tell my uber driver to stop driving me away from Miami itself. I decided to say nothing and tried to plan the next course of action first by checking all available flights that depart within 6 hours from the current time. I had found one quickly but it came out at a hefty sum, as buying a plane ticket the day of usually is upcharged compared to tickets that were bought in advance. The night before I had already gotten poor sleep because I had to wake up early for this flight so I was a little flared up which was a natural reaction. When I had arrived at Fort Lauderdale, I called the next uber to the Miami International Airport which would be roughly an hour from Fort Lauderdale. Since it was an hour out, the uber itself was also very pricey and this was slowly beginning to turn into a bad day.


When I got into my next uber, I was greeted by a kind man named Hugo. I was wearing a Miami Heat Basketball shirt that I had bought the night before and he had commented about my shirt which began a conversation about basketball. Hugo was very friendly and reminded me of who I strive to be, which is a super smiley, happy person. After concluding our conversation about Julius Randle's game winner, I had told him that my flight had been canceled at Fort Lauderdale and told him why I was now heading to the other airport. Though he had zero involvement in my situation, he felt very remorseful and told me he would try to change the course of direction of my day. I had not had breakfast that morning and he offered to show me around Miami to go get some breakfast at no extra cost. At first I was hesitant because Uber automatically changes the fare based on the driver's route but it is very hard for me to ever turn down an opportunity and I am so glad I ultimately didn't. I told him a little about my story, how I was currently residing in Boston, working in biotech, graduated early, seeing the world, and he valdiated me decisions by telling me I was "living the dream".


Oftentimes in life, we are presented with two diverging roads with choice A/B and once we pursue a choice/scenario, it totally changes the direction of our lives. However, being so young, while I tell myself I have no regrets, deep inside I sometimes stumble on some of the decisions I have made and ask myself if they were all worth it. So to hear Hugo tell me I was "living the dream" felt great in many ways. A stranger with no technical bias, had told me that my life was pretty cool. After sharing some of my background, I also heard about his background in which he told me about his academics, children, brother who is a professor at Northeastern, etc. The two of us got along very well as we got closer to downtown Miami. Once in Miami he started giving me a local tour and showed me around some of the places I had passed by on foot but never truly knew what everything was. We went through Brickell which is like the Wall Street of Miami with business men & pretty women, and slowly made our way towards little Havana where we would later on have a Colombian Breakfast.


In Little Havana, he took me to a local Columbian restaurant where he actually bought me Empanadas & Pandebono (Colombian Cheese bread). He also ordered me a cafe con leche (coffee with milk), and huevos, cayeye, cornbread, & calentado. Columbia is known to have good coffee and I do have to say that it was some of the best coffee I had ever had. Below I have pictured some of the breakfast (I forgot to take a picture of the main course >:( ):


{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/mia2.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Empanadas & Pandebono" %}


During breakfast I asked him if he does this with all his uber clients and he told me... "No". I was actually quite astonished because it showed that he really went out of his way to try and make my day better. And he told me his version of the golden rule. He told me that what he puts in now through the kindness of his heart will repay him in the future. I usually am rarely awed by strangers but the kind gesture truly transformed the events of my day. And I told him how crazy life is sometimes because if my flight didn't get canceled, I would have never met him and was grateful that it eventually did get canceled. But thanks to Hugo, I was reminded that within the ugliness of the world, there is some light. Therefore at least for me, this experience really touched me and I want to treat everyone with kindness and continue to just be a good person to this world. So to the readers, there is no cost to kindness, and I encourage everyone to do good things not because they have to but because it could make someones day.


{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/mia1.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Hugo & I" %}


---

# My First Listener

This second anecdote was really inspired by my interaction with Hugo, and this dates way back to high school. During that time I was in a weird place. I had been rejected by nearly all colleges at that time, I had my heart crushed by my high school crush, and there was a high degree of anxiety and pressure about what was to come next in my future. Being a teenager nowadays has become more difficult due to the terrible environment that came from high school. For example, although we were in a nice suburb, drugs/smoking was a huge issue, along with social media presence which was created a toxic environment. It made it especially hard to be a part of when you are still trying to figure out all the confusing things about being a teen. But in my senior year, I was really stressed. I was close minded. I didn't know what I wanted to study and I really wasn't expecting to be rejected by all the colleges up to that point. I felt like my work was all for nothing. So one day during my US government class, I sent an email to my counselor Naseem Saremi who I had known from being a board member of our school's site council which was an exclusive group of students, teachers, faculty, and parents to discuss topics related to school finances/culture. At the time I just asked her if I could come by to her office to go talk to her and I was appreciative when she welcomed me into her office anytime.


Therefore in that first meeting, she stopped all that she was doing just to listen to me. I do want to clarify that I had good friends & family that I knew I could talk to, but being vulnerable to them felt uncomfortable to me. So the role Naseem played in my life truly is one of the foundational pillars as to why I came out the way I am. For once in my life, I had found someone who would never tell me whether I was right or wrong, how to handle conflict from their POV, but would just listen to all my teenage problems. Whether it was about the stress of college, the girls I liked, or just feeling a little lost, she would just sit there and listen to me. Though I don't like the idea of her being my "therapist", she was somewhat of that type of figure in my life. She provided stability in a chaotic world and I think I took a lot of how I composed myself from her. And though she wouldn't compare my situations to hers, she told me similar stories of struggle and hardship, which really taught me how to be become more emotionally intelligent.


Therefore from that day forward in my senior year, I literally stopped going to all the non-mandatory government classes, to just go sit in her office and talk to her. It was the part of the day that I could vent without being judged by my friends, and let the immense weight of being a silly teenager off my chest. I recall having many excused absences my senior year of high school but for me it was super worth it to skip class at the time. One of the largest things I learned from going to her office time after time was the importance of having a clear mind when doing school/work. If your mind is convoluted with thoughts, it is often hard to prioritize your attention to what you may be reading, working on, or writing. Thanks to my interaction with Hugo, it made me think about Naseem who helped build character in me to diffuse hardship. I understood that more stress and uncertainity was on the way, but it is thanks to her that I found success in my academics.


{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/ns.jpg" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Naseem & I (Prom 2019)" %}


I truly owe her a proper thank you for being a foundational person in my life that was outside of my friends and family. Though we both site council members at the time making  important decision of our high school, the fact that she could bring me peace was something I admired so much. And no matter how small my accomplishments were at the time, she made sure to celebrate them. I was saddened to hear that she no longer works at Northgate High School but I hope and intend to give her a proper thank you in the near future. However, I am happy that this period in my life was triggered so I can look back on just how much I have grown up since high school. Progress is such a beautiful thing.

---

# My Biggest Supporter in a time of Darkness

Like Naseem, this last anecdote was triggered again from my interaction with Hugo. In this last anecdote we are going to go down memory lane to my first quarter at UC Santa Cruz when I was in the process of rushing (joining) a fraternity. Though the context seems a little silly compared to the other two anecdotes, I still look back at this time and smile. Fraternities in general invoke a lot of stress due to the demand of work, the constant social pressure, and trying to prove your worth to a group of guys I did not really care about. And like me, there were 16 other guys who were trying to achieve the same goal that I was. However there were many issues with this for me as I was very introverted at the time, and felt the pressure to be liked by everyone while maintaing good scholarship.

None of the stuff we did technically mattered, but I have always strived to be an authentic person who puts their best work forth. Therefore even in such a silly thing like a fraternity, I wanted to do good because I live my life with standards. This only invoked more stress in my life and there were times during that quarter where I was overwhelmed by the work. It really made me question my intentions, and character and I was very pessemistic towards everything at the time. Alongside me was my right hand man, Benjamin Au who sort of was the exact opposite of who I was. He didn't really care to be blunt, but he was optimistic and had the ability to round people together. The two of us made for a great team because our strengths were each others deficiencies. But I think what I appreciated most about my time with him was the utmost support I recieved from him. He saw so much in me that I did not see and once again is a foundational pillar to who I am today. He was able to see this untapped potential but at the time, I not only ignored his perspective but our friendship. He pulled me out to do a lot of things outside of my comfort zone and instead of appreciating what he did, it actually just frustrated me more. But the craziest part to it all was how he composed himself after my pessimistic responses. Often times he would just laugh at me and told me to relax, and never took anything I told him to heart. He was so unfazed by my negativity because he just let his optimism shine brighter. 

I never really told Ben how much I appreciated his belief in me and his presence since I would find out a quarter later that he would be dropping out of UC Santa Cruz. The news came by shock to me and it taught me a few important lessons that day. First was how much you don't appreicate a person/thing until it is gone. The second thing was how you percieve things. The second lesson was important because if you are clouded with negative thoughts, you are pointed towards negative things. Therefore in the short time we spent together at Santa Cruz, I took his way of living and tried to be optimistic about life. I dream big nowadays not because of him, but I will credit that he unlocked something out of me that I probably would not have if I had not met such a person. I was fortunate enough to spend my 21st birthday with Ben, and all I can say is how grateful I was to have met such a bright guy. 

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/ben.jpg" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Ben & I @ Santa Cruz Warriors Game" %}


With that this concludes this weeks blog. I hope some of these anecdotes were heart-warming and helps you strive to live a better life. In this past year alone, I feel like I was able to accomplish a lot of great things, but one thing about me is I will never forget. I will never forget where I came from, how I got to where I am, and all the great fortunate people I have gotten to meet on this 21 year journey. I am so grateful to be able to live such an incredible life and lately I've been just going through memory lane thinking about who were the game changers in my life. I used to be such a dull kid, but it really is thanks to the people I've met that I can almost reach the stars. My decision to also blog has been nothing short of perfect because now I can have a medium that will last forever on the web. So with that being said. Thanks for reading this weeks blog!