---
title: "The July Review"
categories:
- Blogging
tags:
- Life
- Newsletter
- Update
---

The month of July brought along a string of unhurried moments. In a world where constant speed and connectivity dominate, I found solace in embracing a slower, more mindful way of living. It felt like a precious gift. Amidst the whirlwind of modern life, the concept of a "slow life" provided a comforting beacon. It was about relishing the small details, finding joy in the present, and appreciating simplicity.

For the first time in a very long while, I was granted a break. After deciding a few months ago to return to UCLA for graduate school, the choice proved to be the right one. Upon returning from Asia, I was swiftly immersed in a whirlwind, witnessing the company I had joined in January crumble. While a sense of guilt lingered for cutting short time with family and friends, the nature of the biotech industry unfolded. I also felt deep empathy for the incredible team I had been a part of. My tenure had been destined to end, but for them, an abrupt shift led to uncertainty ahead. Despite the heartache, it was the harsh reality of life, and I wished them all well.

In the midst of this month, I celebrated my birthday, an experience that felt surreal. I'll delve into the significance of this year later, but wow, what an incredible journey it has been. With ample time on my hands now, a fresh start has presented itself. This summer marked the first since my freshman year of college where I had no immediate plans or work obligations. It was a rare moment of sheer free time. Perhaps the universe was orchestrating its own design, allowing me a breather right before the demanding path of a Ph.D. beckons. Thus, this month was a paradox of sorts – seemingly uneventful yet profoundly meaningful. I am grateful for the long-awaited break I've yearned for, and it's a chapter I'll always remember.

# Top Three Highlights of the Month

### 1. Turning 22

This July, on the 11th, I marked my 22nd year. As I step into this new chapter, I find myself reflecting on the remarkable journey that 21 unfolded before me. Despite the trials that life presented, it undeniably stands as the most exceptional year of my life. Throughout its course, I've shared both highs and lows with you, and even amidst the challenges, I am certain that this has been the pinnacle of my existence thus far.

The onset of my 21st year played out like a scene from a movie. I couldn't have scripted a better start, surrounded by dear friends and realizing my dream birthday celebration. For the longest time, I resented having a summer birthday, as it often meant missing out on celebrating with all my friends. Though I still couldn't have everyone with me, I managed to unite my college pals and the summer research cohort in an unforgettable bash. My cherished companions surprised me with a cake, and we transformed our space into a lively celebration. There wasn't a single moment I didn't have a smile on my face. Amidst the revelry, there came a point when I slipped away from my own party to gaze at the sky and embrace the sheer beauty of life. My connection with the summer cohort remains an understatement; that core memory remains a cherished one, marking the advent of the extraordinary year that lay ahead.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/1.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="My 21st Birthday Party" %}

After a delightful summer of fun in Los Angeles, I embarked on a journey that pushed me beyond my comfort zone – a move all the way to Switzerland. The urge to explore the world had intensified in me, especially in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. Switzerland became my destination due to initial plans for a master's degree, but I swiftly realized it wasn't the right path for me. Despite this, I don't regret trying out education abroad; it provided invaluable insights into the type of academic environment that suits me best (hint: not one involving 7 graduate courses per semester). Beyond the rigorous academics, my time in Switzerland turned out to be a personal growth experience. Amidst facing instances of subtle racism and an unsettling incident in Paris, enduring a two-week period of homelessness, and navigating a language barrier, there's nothing quite like my absurd daily commute across Lac Leman (Lake Leman) via ferry to school. Though it was undoubtedly a struggle at the time, I can now look back and chuckle at those moments. Dealing with seasonal depression, an unbalanced diet that led to significant weight loss, and a touch of homesickness, I came to realize that life has its ups and downs, and tough times eventually fade. Fortunately, destiny smiled on me – landing a job in Boston meant bidding farewell to school, opening up the opportunity to travel and embark on a fresh adventure on the East Coast.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/boat.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Infamous Commute Across Lac Leman" %}


When I secured the job, I swiftly packed my bags and headed to the Czech Republic for a trip with my long-time high school friend, Josh Moon. During this time, I made up for the lackluster social scene I experienced in Switzerland and indulged in the genuine European clubbing atmosphere. It was a joy to reconnect with an old friend and explore the country together. Apart from the Czech Republic, I also traveled around Switzerland and even found the opportunity to venture to Africa. Visiting Africa had been a longstanding dream, and the chance to camp for four days in the Sahara Desert, starting from Marrakesh, Morocco, was an opportunity I couldn't pass up. Those days became a beautiful memory shared with people from around the world, encapsulating the spirit of Morocco. Just before bidding adieu to Europe, I forged strong friendships that compensated for the lackluster social experiences in Switzerland. Spending quality time with Helena, Kem, Lina, and Jeannine made leaving this country a bittersweet farewell. The theme of seizing life's wild moments continued to unfold during this remarkable 21st year.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/3.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Africa" %}

As the holiday season approached, I embarked on an impromptu trip to visit my now ex-girlfriend, someone I deeply cared for at the time. Despite my dream of reuniting with her while in Europe, by the time I could make it happen, circumstances had changed. Amidst the chill of winter, I realized the importance of valuing people and moments in the present, and not clinging to who they were in the past. Yet, this heartache was short-lived as I journeyed back to Germany to conclude my stay, visiting a dear friend, Philippa Steinburg, and her family in her hometown of Hamburg. Our conversations about life brought me solace, reassuring me of the supportive network I had. From there, I welcomed the new year with resolutions and a truly fresh start.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/4.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Drinking my Sorrows Away in NYC" %}

After a tumultuous flight from Hamburg to Turkey and finally to Boston, my new life on the East Coast commenced. Adjusting to the New England area took time, but I was content to have a fresh beginning, this time back in the US. As I stepped into what I believed to be my dream industry, I gained insights into the sometimes monotonous nature of adult life. My time in Boston highlighted that social interactions and meaningful connections required intentional planning. I ventured into the realm of dating, going on around 30 dates with the aim of finding companionship and friendship. Initially, making friends seemed relatively easy, especially after meeting Lauren, who became both my longest-standing friend and my first date in Boston. However, the journey taught me that cultivating friendships wasn't as straightforward as I thought. Eventually, in April, I struck gold when I met Camilla, who introduced me to my Harvard friend group through a series of serendipitous events. As the semester ended and summer approached, my own break began. I took a hiatus from work to travel to Japan, exploring most of the country's western region from Tokyo and forming friendships along the way. Before returning to the US to celebrate my 22nd birthday, I embarked on a visit to Taiwan, a tale I'll delve into more in the next highlight.

{% include figure image_path="/images/2023/a11.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Lauren & I" %}

I recall spending my 22nd birthday this year mostly sleeping due to jet lag, which felt symbolic after a year filled with adventure. I managed to fulfill one of my goals by traversing the globe, building an extensive network, and embracing countless opportunities I might have passed up on from before. This version of me, characterized by ambition and a thirst for experiences, was fully realized, and I'm eager to continue living a life that I love and find joy in every day. While I'll miss many things from this year, I'm equally thrilled to step into year 22 of my young and ongoing narrative, a tale still unfolding.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/5.PNG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="My Birthday" %}

### 2. Taiwan & Joanne

### Day 1

The second highlight of the month involves the tail end of my Japan trip, where I made an impromptu plan to visit Taiwan as well. Flights to Asia are so expensive nowadays that it doesn't hurt to fly to other neighboring countries across the Pacific Ocean. I had preliminary plans and a high level of interest in visiting China, but due to my lackadaisical lifestyle and my mere opposition to being proactive, this became impossible. China remains one of the few countries where a visa is required, and I was glad to have known that instead of inadvertently traveling there just to be sent home. However, even after China, I had also entertained thoughts about going to Thailand before Taiwan had ever crossed my mind. I ultimately did not go to Thailand though because it sounded brutally hot, and there were a lot of terrifying animals that sounded deadly (e.g. King Cobra...). Therefore, with Thailand officially crossed out, I made my way to the equally hot country of Taiwan, specifically Taipei.

As mentioned previously, I tend to be lackadaisical when it comes to planning things out on vacation. From my perspective, planning nothing versus having a detailed itinerary is easier since you can never really account for the unexpected events that travel brings. And Taiwan was no different. I was told that most people in Taiwan spoke English, but this was blatantly not true. It wasn't necessarily an issue, but it did make for a harder time. When I had first landed in Taiwan, I also didn't give a single glance to my hotel's location and didn't realize that the commute from the airport was going to be roughly 30 minutes by bus. To be honest, that isn't terrible by any standard for public transportation, but since the bus wouldn't accept credit cards, things started to go downhill really quickly. After failing multiple times, I tried to bank on the fact that the bus driver would let me on for free because it only cost the equivalent of maybe $1 USD. However, the bus driver proceeded to cuss me out in Mandarin moments later. Therefore, at the next stop, I was kicked off with all my stuff in the midst of a 100-degree day with nearly 100% humidity. I reconfigured the route to my hotel from my current location and found out it would take roughly 2 hours by walking. I somewhat had no choice, so I embarked on the long, sweaty journey.

After arriving at my hotel, I was pretty exhausted from the heat and decided to skip lunch that day. The area I was in had few foreigners in plain sight, and I still hadn't obtained any cash in a cash-based country. After rejuvenating myself, I decided to visit the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, which was one of the closest landmarks to me. I made the decision to walk to this site again because walking is an underrated form of transportation when traveling. Walking allows you to explore streets and small places you wouldn't have been able to see if you had taken the metro or bus. During these walks, I observed the countless people riding motorcycles, the cockroaches scuttling around, and the aroma of delicious foods filling the air. Despite the country feeling a bit untidy, it held its own beauty. Upon arriving at the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, I was immersed in an elegant architecture that exuded a Chinese-inspired culture.

The Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall, an iconic landmark situated in the heart of Taipei, stands as a testament to the historical and political significance of Taiwan. This majestic structure, completed in 1980, honors the legacy of Chiang Kai-shek, the prominent leader who played a pivotal role in shaping Taiwan's modern history. The memorial hall's imposing white facade, flanked by grand staircases and encompassed by lush gardens, serves as a focal point for both locals and visitors alike. Its solemnity is further heightened by the changing of the guard ceremony that takes place regularly at the main entrance. Within the hall, a larger-than-life bronze statue of Chiang Kai-shek is prominently displayed, surrounded by exhibits detailing his life and the broader history of Taiwan. Beyond its historical importance, the Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall has become an emblem of Taiwan's evolving identity, offering a space for reflection, education, and cultural gatherings that resonate with the nation's past and its aspirations for the future. I spent the afternoon walking around this structure to simply enjoy the new culture around me.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/6.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall" %}

After visiting the historic site, I would return to my hotel once more before meeting up with one of the friends I was to meet in Taipei, Joanne Hsieh. I won't even mention how I met her because if you've been keeping up, it's obvious how I meet all my friends. But Joanne was a local of Taiwan who could speak a bit of Taiwanese and Mandarin, which would help me navigate the city during my visit. We had decided on an early dinner since I hadn't eaten anything all day, and we went to the famous Din Tai Fung restaurant. Among the many popular cuisines that Taiwan had to offer, Dim Sum at Din Tai Fung is a must-try. Coincidentally, we ended up at the most touristy restaurant located inside the Taipei 101 building, which made for a fun and elegant dinner. Joanne and I were the same age, and she was an absolute sweetheart. She had grown up in Taiwan for part of her life before moving to Knoxville, Tennessee, where she currently resides. However, every summer her family returns to Taiwan because it feels more like home than Tennessee. She was currently studying chemical engineering and hoping to attend Georgia Tech (though I'm trying to heavily influence her to apply to UCLA as well). Among all the great things about her, I appreciated her flexibility and ambitious nature in wanting to do anything I wanted to do. It's hard to find people like that nowadays, and I admired her for those traits.

That same day was the 4th of July, so after having a hearty dinner, we decided to explore the nightlife in the area. But before that, we actually went to the top of the Taipei 101 tower to enjoy the 360-degree view of the city. Taipei 101, a towering architectural marvel that once held the title of the world's tallest building, transforms into a vibrant and enchanting hub of nightlife as the sun sets over Taipei. The skyscraper's glittering facade, illuminated by a dazzling array of lights, casts a mesmerizing glow across the cityscape. Its surroundings come alive with dynamic energy as locals and tourists alike gather to experience Taipei's captivating night scene. From chic rooftop bars offering panoramic views of the city's twinkling lights to bustling night markets filled with delectable street food and local crafts, Taipei 101's vicinity becomes a playground of exploration after dark. The upscale shopping and entertainment complex within the tower itself buzzes with activity, welcoming night owls to indulge in late-night shopping, world-class dining, and sophisticated lounges. Whether savoring a gourmet meal, embracing the city's electrifying nightlife, or simply reveling in the magnetic ambiance, Taipei 101 stands at the heart of a nocturnal adventure that embodies the city's modernity and vitality. Joanne took me to a bar where we continued to get to know each other while enjoying drinks at one of the rooftop bars. All in all, it was an eventful 4th of July, and I was really happy to have met Joanne. I suppose I was cool enough for her to change her dinner plans with her family to go out and show me around the city again.
{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/7.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Taipei 101" %}

### Day 2

Day 2 started off with pretty high energy, despite my hangover. Usually, your blood pressure is low when you're hungover, but this morning was different because we found a cockroach on the floor of my hotel room. I generally dislike little critters, so I was quite unsettled. Cockroaches are quite common in Taiwan, but it's another matter to find them in your literal hotel room. In that moment, my hair was in disarray, I wasn't dressed, and I was still processing waking up, but I began to inch my way towards my luggage, get dressed, and immediately called room service to help me with this ordeal. Interestingly enough, the room service lady again didn't understand English whatsoever, so trying to communicate with her through sounds and gestures became a humorous start to my morning in itself. Luckily, the cockroach met its fate and was killed almost effortlessly by the room service lady. After that whole fiasco, all I wanted was to get some more sleep, but I was soon interrupted by room service, which forced me to leave later. However, it was in my best interest to start my day and explore more of what the city had to offer.

Today, Joanne and I had plans to visit a type of flower museum, along with checking out some night markets, which are among Taiwan's many landmarks. During this time, we got to know each other better while enjoying some Taiwanese Hot Pot. After a very filling lunch, we headed north of the city to the Miramar Entertainment District to visit the flower museum. Interestingly enough, the flower museum only took about 5 minutes to see the entire exhibit, but it was indeed quite beautiful. There were numerous flowers encased in transparent rocks or glass that made viewing these plants very elegant. After walking through the museum, we realized we had overestimated how much time the museum would take, so we had some downtime before heading to the night markets. Therefore, we went to the top of this mall area, had some gelato, and engaged in deeper conversations about life with each other. Strangely enough, I find having profound conversations with strangers to be more comforting than with familiar friends. Since they hardly know anything about you, there doesn't seem to be any bias in what they have to say. I truly enjoyed my time with Joanne, and getting to know the person behind the pretty face was reassuring.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/8.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Hotpot!" %}


Finally, when the temperature dropped below 90 degrees, we headed to the Raohe Night Market to indulge in a variety of local cuisines. But before satisfying our appetites, we made a stop at the Songshan Ciyou Temple to once again immerse ourselves in the local culture. Cities often puzzle me due to the way they juxtapose bustling urban life with preserved buildings steeped in history, and Taipei was no exception. The Songshan Ciyou Temple, a cultural and spiritual gem nestled within the lively urban landscape of Taipei, holds a significant place in Taiwan's rich heritage. Constructed in 1753, this historical Taoist temple boasts intricate architectural details and vibrant colors that engage the senses. Dedicated to the goddess Mazu, the protector of seafarers, the temple stands as a testament to Taiwan's maritime origins. Its ornate interior showcases elaborately carved wooden beams, exquisite porcelain figurines, and intricate frescoes depicting scenes from Chinese mythology. Beyond its artistic allure, the Songshan Ciyou Temple serves as a serene oasis amidst the modern hustle and bustle of the city, providing visitors with a tranquil space for introspection and prayer. The temple's role in Taiwanese culture shines during its annual grand procession, as devotees carry the deity's statue through the streets, accompanied by lively performances and traditional rituals. This captivating blend of history, artistry, and devotion elevates the Songshan Ciyou Temple to a cherished cultural landmark, bridging the past and present while embodying the spiritual essence of Taipei's diverse identity.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/9.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Songshan Ciyou Temple with Joanne" %}

Alas, we were mere steps away from the Raohe Night Market, where we embarked on a culinary adventure, sampling a diverse array of local cuisine. The truth is, for the longest time, I was a picky eater; however, since embracing the hobby of travel, it's become challenging to maintain that pickiness. Nonetheless, this shift in perspective has proven to be quite rewarding, as it allows me to immerse myself in a new place by trying its local dishes, exposing me to a multitude of intriguing cuisines I might have otherwise never considered. Among the foods we savored were Chen Tung Herbal Pork Ribs Medicinal Herbs Soup, Stinky Tofu from the world-famous Ming Peng Xia Gang, Fuzhou Shizu Pepper Cake, Red Braised Beef Noodles (Taiwanese Ramen), Hot Tangyuan, papaya milkshake, and a Taiwanese-style hot dog whose buns were crafted from rice. Our culinary exploration was a delightful experience, amplified by Joanne's ability to converse in Taiwanese. I felt grateful to be guided by Joanne, and although it made for a busy yet eventful day, I cherished every moment. We concluded the day with a leisurely stroll along the river, accompanied by the tunes of Kpop, as we basked in the ambiance of a typical summer night in Taiwan. Spending time with Joanne instilled in me a desire to further embrace my Korean heritage, as we often joked that she was more Korean than I was. As we headed back towards the metro, we exchanged farewells shortly after. I knew I would miss Joanne, but I promised to visit her again soon.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/10.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Stinky Tofu" %}

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/11.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Chen Tung Herbal Pork Ribs Medicinal Herbs Soup" %}

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/12.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Red Braised beef Noodles" %}

# Day 3

On my final full day in Taiwan, I embarked on a journey to explore Jiufen, a city located north of Taipei. Perched atop lush mountains, Jiufen is a captivating village that seamlessly interweaves history, culture, and awe-inspiring scenery. With its labyrinthine streets, cozy tea houses, and traditional red lanterns suspended above, Jiufen exudes an old-world charm that transports visitors to a bygone era. The village's roots can be traced back to the gold rush days of the 19th century, and echoes of its mining heritage resonate through its architecture and ambiance. Beyond its historical allure, Jiufen offers sweeping vistas of the Pacific Ocean, creating a mesmerizing contrast between the serene mountains and the expansive waters below. Its vibrant night market beckons with an array of local delicacies and artisanal crafts, while the iconic A-Mei Tea House, inspired by the works of renowned filmmaker Hayao Miyazaki, infuses the town with a whimsical atmosphere. The distinctive fusion of nostalgia, natural splendor, and artistic inspiration in Jiufen establishes it as a beloved destination that encapsulates Taiwan's rich cultural tapestry and diverse geographical beauty.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/13.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Jiufen" %}

As mentioned in the preceding paragraph, this location boasts a rich history and was once dearly cherished by the people of Japan. So much so that Hayao Miyazaki, also known as the creator of Ghibli, drew inspiration from this city for his movie "Spirited Away." Despite my admiration for the film, I couldn't initially discern the source of the resemblance. Nevertheless, during my time there, I explored the breathtaking mountain vistas this city offered. However, the majority of my visit was spent engaging in a Taiwanese Tea Service at the renowned A-Mei Tea House. This exquisite establishment, graced with a stunning ocean view, provided me with an opportunity to learn the intricacies of preparing Oolong Tea using raw leaves. The experience was nothing short of elegant, and I concluded my day by returning to Taipei that evening.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/14.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Tea Ceremony at A-Mei Tea House" %}

On my final night, I opted to revisit the Taipei 101 area one last time, where I indulged in a Teppanyaki-style dinner. One of the aspects I adore about Asia is the affordability of its food relative to our currency. This means we can either dine for remarkably low prices, as evident in the case of night markets, or enjoy an upscale fine-dining experience for an incredible value. I chose a combination of surf and turf for my dinner, which served as a fantastic conclusion to my time in Taipei. Following the meal, I took in the nightlife scene one last time, especially since it was a Friday night, and noticed a lively crowd at one of the clubs. Upon inquiry, I discovered that DJ Slander was performing in Taiwan, promptly turning our evening into an eventful one. This unexpected turn led me to forge new friendships, although I can't recall any of their names; nonetheless, we shared drinks, allegedly watched Slander perform, and I vividly remember stumbling back to my hotel in a heavily intoxicated state. A two-hour walk felt like mere minutes as I reveled in the joy of the moment. At some point, I was even FaceTiming Joanne and forming yet another playful marriage pact in Taiwan. This pact seemed to blend jest with sincerity, and we still exchange texts, playfully pretending we'll marry each other. After succumbing to exhaustion and falling asleep, my whirlwind experience in Taiwan came to a close. I had arrived with minimal knowledge but left with a wealth of eventful memories and an alleged wife-to-be when we both reach the age of 30. Once again, this journey felt like a delightful side quest in a year filled with many such adventures. I felt fortunate and grateful to have had the opportunity to explore the incredibly humid, hot, yet culturally enriching country of Taiwan.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/15.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Taiwan <3" %}

### 3. Climbing Mount Fuji

The last highlight of the month featured a lifetime goal I was able to cross off my extensive to-do list. During my time in Boston, I watched the documentary *14 Peaks: Nothing is Impossible* on Netflix. This documentary chronicles the remarkable journey of Nirmal "Nims" Purja, a Nepali mountaineer, as he undertakes the formidable challenge of conquering all 14 of the world's highest peaks above 8,000 meters within a mere 7 months. This extraordinary feat, known as the "Bremont Project Possible," demanded Nims to push his physical and mental boundaries to the absolute limit. The documentary offers an enthralling and intimate glimpse into his awe-inspiring pursuit, capturing the trials, triumphs, and sacrifices he and his team endured during this unprecedented mountaineering venture. Through breathtaking cinematography and personal interviews, the film delves into the motivation, determination, and camaraderie that fueled Nims and his team throughout their groundbreaking expedition. *14 Peaks: Nothing is Impossible* not only showcases the awe-inspiring landscapes of the Himalayas but also celebrates the indomitable human spirit and the audacity to accomplish what seems insurmountable.

Inspired by this documentary, I was captivated by the notion that nothing is impossible when you set your mind to it. Thus, during my trip to Japan, I resolved to climb Mount Fuji. Initially, I had tentative plans to ascend Mount Fuji with Camilla from Harvard, but the climbing season didn't commence until the first day of July. As I had never tackled a mountain before, the journey ahead promised to be an entirely novel experience. Mount Fuji, often referred to as "Fujisan" in Japan, stands as an iconic and majestic stratovolcano that holds a significant place in both the country's cultural and geographical tapestry. Rising to an elevation of 3,776 meters (12,389 feet), it claims the title of Japan's highest peak and is recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage site. Its symmetrical cone shape, frequently crowned with a mantle of snow, symbolizes beauty and spirituality for the Japanese populace.

Climbing Mount Fuji is a widely pursued activity, attracting hikers and tourists in substantial numbers each year. The climbing season typically spans the period when weather conditions are relatively stable and snow has melted from the trails. Despite being categorized as a moderately challenging climb, ascending Mount Fuji poses a variety of hurdles that climbers must anticipate and prepare for:

- *Altitude*: As one of the highest mountains in the world, altitude sickness can pose a significant challenge. The air becomes thinner as climbers ascend, causing reduced oxygen levels and potentially leading to symptoms like headache, nausea, dizziness, and shortness of breath.

- *Weather Variability*: The weather on Mount Fuji can be unpredictable, with conditions changing rapidly. Hikers may encounter extreme temperature variations, strong winds, rain, and even snow at higher altitudes, making proper clothing and gear essential.

- *Physical Endurance*: While the trails are well-maintained and not overly technical, the climb is still physically demanding, especially for those who are not accustomed to hiking at high altitudes. Climbers should be in good physical condition and prepared for a long and tiring ascent.

- *Crowds*: Mount Fuji's popularity can result in large crowds during the climbing season, particularly at the more popular stations. This can lead to congestion on the trails, longer wait times, and a bustling atmosphere that may detract from the solitude some climbers seek.

- *Limited Facilities*: While there are mountain huts and rest areas along the trails, they can fill up quickly, especially during peak climbing times. Accommodations may be basic, and amenities such as food and water could be limited, so climbers need to be self-sufficient and well-prepared.

- *Environmental Considerations*: Climbers need to respect the environment and adhere to Leave No Trace principles. The trail can become congested, leading to soil erosion, and the high altitude ecosystem is fragile.

Despite these challenges, I remained steadfast in my determination to climb Mount Fuji. Knowing that Nims had triumphed over 14 peaks significantly taller than Mt. Fuji, I didn't expect the ascent to be as formidable as some of the achievements he had accomplished. Prior to embarking on the climb, I had the opportunity to witness the opening ceremony held at Mount Fuji, as I happened to be climbing on the very first day of the climbing season. While this resulted in a crowded trail, it promised an exciting adventure awaiting me.

Now, I'm not exactly adept at making a hike sound captivating, so let's fast forward through it all: I reached the summit in just over 3 and a half hours. During the ascent, I realized I had somewhat overpacked, as all I truly required were a few Star Chips, two rice balls, and a liter of water to make it to the top. Perusing others' online experiences, I noticed a tendency to embellish aspects like climbing time. Overall, however, I found it to be a mountain accessible for beginners, aside from the mentioned challenges. Yet, it wasn't without its mental trials. The uphill path consisted of endless zigzag trails, leading to a discouraging feeling of making minimal progress when glancing upward. Adding to this, a heavy rain shower hit a few hundred feet before the summit, causing my thigh muscles to cramp. Nonetheless, despite these obstacles, I achieved the summit of Fuji-san.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/17.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Summited Mt. Fuji - July 1, 2023 2:57pm" %}

Scaling this mountain felt like the perfect culmination of my 21st year. Although my birthday was still a few weeks away at that point, this climb seemed like the ultimate trial for what had been a year brimming with enjoyment and challenges. I had navigated personal struggles, adhered to a rigorous walking routine of over 10 miles daily in Japan, and surmounted the final physical hurdle before me. At the summit, it felt as though my year had come full circle. Standing atop Japan, I sensed that regardless of my past self, I had transformed into the person now standing at the pinnacle. This climb held profound symbolism for me, and at the summit, I celebrated the incredibly eventful year that had transpired. Looking forward, my intent was to persist in living a life without regrets, embracing novel experiences with open arms, and maintaining a daily smile. This marked an unforgettable moment in my life, and I felt a deep sense of gratitude for it all.

{% include figure image_path="/images/post_photos/july2023/16.JPG" alt="this is a placeholder image" caption="Epic View for an Epic Closing to Year 21" %}


# One thing I learned this Month

### Progress is Beautiful

Progress is a beautiful accomplishment, and I believe the perfect moment to delve into its essence is at the close of my 21st year. This captivating journey, though it may sound cliché, is truly fascinating. It extends beyond the mere destination; it's about the transformative path that guides us there. The steps we take, the challenges we conquer, and the lessons we acquire along the way shape us into stronger, wiser individuals. Each small triumph and setback becomes a stroke on the canvas of our personal growth. Progress encapsulates our resilience and determination, showcasing our capacity to adapt, overcome, and evolve. It stands as a testament to human potential and our power to create positive change. The beauty resides within the process itself—a ceaseless pursuit of betterment that offers us daily opportunities to become enhanced versions of ourselves.

Engaging in one final reflection on my year, I realize it has been the most beautiful year of my life. It has been marked by soaring highs and deep lows, yet I stand here with a smile as I embrace its conclusion. I've managed to check several items off my bucket list, endured heartbreak, packed and unpacked my bags more times than I can count, and overall gained an abundance of wisdom within a single year. There was the Switzerland Arch, a travel arch, a Boston Arch, and lastly, a Japan arch—each capable of being its own unique narrative. The sheer fact that all of this transpired in one year astonishes me, but every experience has molded me into the person I am today. Looking ahead, I am eager to witness how progress will once again transform me over the course of a year. As I continue to document my thoughts and experiences, I anticipate the ongoing evolution and events that life has in store. Thank you, 21. I will miss you, but I know exciting times are ahead.

# Quote of the Monthly 

"There will likely be a day when the world stops and your heart breaks and you will need a vision of your life worth living that can survive the storm. Surely, your vision will be deepened, transformed, sharpened by the days on the pavement, but I hope your vision already has a compass that can orient you or, better yet, an anchor that will hold you" - Angela Williams Gorrell

### Contact